# 2011: A Spacetime Odyssey

Hello! This is an unauthorized quest for [*To the Stars*](http://archiveofourown.org/works/777002/chapters/1461984) (SV thread [here](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/to-the-stars-puella-magi-madoka-magica.3927/)). It is based on a crack-fic idea floated by Itaywex on the TTS discord that actually sounded kind of fun once I decided on the viewpoint character.

Mind the long-winded preamble and be advised that I have no idea what I'm doing here (never run one of these quest things before, and all my previous work in the area is stuff like[ *Hitomi Loves Girls*](http://fanfiction.net/s/12730445/1/Hitomi-Loves-Girls)) so don't take anything here *too* seriously ... unless it's fun to take it seriously ...

**> be Clarisse**

You're Clarisse. You're equipped with spoilers from Hieronym's *To The Stars* up to **Chapter 52**. You're hanging around with Shizuki Ryouko, magical girl in the 24th-and-a-half century, Hero of Orpheus, savior of humanity, favored of the goddess Madoka, and general purpose plot-bait. While this all sounds rather impressive on paper, it is normal for you to be hanging around with Ryouko, and you are aware of exactly what kind of a hapless goofball she is.

Ryuoko is enjoying a break from being treated as a freak to be experimented with/on, and is on a date with her cute girlfriend, Asami. You kinda sorta helped set them up to begin with, because Ryouko is *dense*, and it's your job to help her out. It is normal for you to be hanging around with Ryouko on all of her dates, and to help her pick out pretty dresses to wear on those dates. Today's dress is old-fashioned casual, with pockets, the sort you might wear for a special trip to the soda shop.

Ryouko looks just like you, except ~~less talented~~ she smiles less. Well, more accurately, she looks just like your avatar, or even better, your avatar looks just like her. You used to use an avatar that looked just like your namesake, Ryouko's personal hero, the legendary magical girl Clarisse von Rossum. You don't *actually* look like either of them. You look like a lump of flesh and nanite infrastructure permanently attached to Ryouko's spine.

You're okay with this.

You love Ryouko like a mother/daughter/sister, and as the vicarious self who can experience life in a way you were never designed to even dream of, but nevertheless do anyway. You see through the same eyes, feel through the same skin, smell through the same nose. You know her every thought and memory. She is deeply yours, and you take care of her, as *only* a spinal-node tactical computer AI version 2.0 can take care of her.

Ryouko and Asami have things to talk about. She knows Ryouko is happier going out on missions, and has been willing to go along with that, despite being chronically distressed at her life being buffeted by various revelations. Ryouko is coming to sympathize with her position a little, as her life is buffeted with various revelations, like about that thing in your brain, and even a few about you. This would be a most excellent opportunity for the two of them to bond. As such, you are trying to be quiet while they go on a date. Right now they are hanging out in downtown Mitakihara, at the mall, except that no one knows to call it a "mall" anymore except for Kyouko. (You looked up the term after she made a passing reference.)

Unfortunately, your girl is acting all distracted.

To be perfectly clear, Clarisse, your girl is ***Ryouko***. Asami is cute, and nice, which is why you helped set the two of them up to begin with, but she will never be *yours*, personally. But then, she will never have the same type of intimacy that you have with your girl.

At the rate things are going, it's not perfectly clear that she will be Ryouko's, either. Your girl is busy being hopelessly dense, as is her wont.

"Ryouko?" says Asami, kicking her under the table. "You're not even paying attention to a word I'm saying, are you?"

"Huh?" Ryuoko replies. It's not her brightest moment.

Asami just looks cross at you two for a moment.

"I'm sorry, something's just ... not quite right," says Ryouko.

Asami sips her cream soda, tactically. "Do tell."

"No, really, there's something I can't quite place, and it's bothering me."

"Does it have anything to do with how you can't have a normal conversation with your girlfriend about your relationship and the things which are bothering *her*?" asks Asami.

"... Actually, yes," declares Ryouko.

Actually, she's right. Her soul gem is glowing brightly enough that you can see the hue reflecting from Asami's face. Asami seems to be troubled as well. You prepare a message.

SITUATION REPORT
STANDARD TACTICAL URGENCY
\-------------------------
FROM: (Tactical Computer on behalf of) Shizuki Ryouko
TO: Tactical Network Mitakihara

An unkown phenomenon detected at current location.
The phenomenon was detected with magic.
Detection is consistent with sources:
\- Stealth field
\- Gravimetric distortion

Request local sensor data and active gravimetric scan.

. . . . .

Sometimes things happen too quickly to keep up with. This is normal, in times of war. Surprise helps your forces secure and keep the initiative; shock and awe, even more so.

It's just not as fun when they do it to you, and none of your humans can keep up.

*So the first thing I did was to report the anomaly,* you inform the girls. \*They had a gravimetric scan going already, so they patched me through to the stream immediately. The next message I got was a notice from Governance. The emergency mode level 2, unified consciousness Governance, to be specific. They - it - asked us to stay put, and told us that we should expect reinforcements at our location immediately.

Reinforcements?\* asks Asami, nervously.

\*Barrier generators. Teleporter delivery of grief cubes. But remember, this is all in a span of milliseconds. The next message was a routine allocation of tactical network capacity, except it looks like they gave our situation *right here* something like two percent of Earth's computing power. That lasted exactly long enough to ask us where the hell your bodyguards are, and to determine that our connection was about to be cut off by a miasma the size of downtown Mitakihara.

So it looks like ... the start of a wormhole opening, without any wormhole stabilizer, in low Earth orbit, directly overhead the one magical girl who could do something about it, in the middle of a demon spawn . . .\* Asami trails off.

*... This feels like it has to be some sort of a trap on at least three different levels, somehow,* sends Ryouko.

*Hold Asami's hand,* you instruct your girl privately.

"Ryouko!" cries a voice.

*Reinforcements?* you speculate.

Your girl turns her head, to see an old old friend running desperately down the hallway.

"... Simona?" asks Ryouko, remembering the first time she saved the girl from suspicious demon spawns. "... Not again?"

*This is very suspicious, don't assume that's really Simona*, you warn Ryouko, *it could be a holy cow when did Simona contract?*

Simona has transformed, mid-dash into a magical girl outfit, a relatively elegant affair, in orange, with clean simple lines. She skids to a stop upon hearing Ryouko. She **stares** at her. "... What do you mean, again? You're not ... You don't remember the last time... do you?"

Ryouko is confused. "I ... How could I forget it?! I made a contract, didn't I?"

Simona exhales. "Right. That. Okay. Forget that, you didn't hear anything. Listen, there's a lot to explain and not much time..."

The entire building shakes, as if in an earthquake.

"... Okay, short version," she continues. "Come with me if you want to live!" The line sounds vaguely familiar. You make a note to look it up when your connection is back online.

. . . . .

"I don't understand," exclaims Asami, flinging a cephalopod shock troop into a the maw of a nearby demon as you pass the wreck of an atmospheric drop pod. "If we can't teleport out of the miasma, we should be trying to get somewhere that we can, so that Ryouko can get to the wormhole, and shut it --"

"The wormhole is a distraction. The demons are a distraction. Hell, the entire war is a distraction. Not from the start, I suppose, but at least since New Athens," insists Simona. She's doing something to project an aura around the group as you go along, a barely visible field strung along bright bars made of orange runes: some sort of barrier, but it seems like more than just a conventional one. "We will face the true enemy soon. You'll know her when you see her, believe me."

Ryouko is in the zone. This is generally a little unsettling, but today it is particularly unsettling because her primary power of teleportation isn't working, and half of her combat reflexes are built around having that.

*I don't care what Simona says, we need to be on survival-mode doctrine, conserving magic, until we either get more grief cubes or we find a way out of here,* you tell her.

*More grief cubes, huh?* She eyes some demons in your way, and smiles wickedly as she readies her arbalest.

You probably could have worded that better.

. . . . .

You've made your way to the Cult Headquarters on foot.

"Where's Kyouko?" asks Asami.

"She'll be out fighting demons," says Simona, "or aliens, like most of the others who were here. Still a distraction, but this time, one in our favor. No guards."

*There's an armory in the basement,* you send to the group, *we can stock up on grief cubes...*

"No time," objects Simona, grabbing Ryouko by the hand and pulling her into the Ribbon Chamber. She parts the forcefield on the door with her orange runes.

. . . . .

"What -- you can't do that!!" exclaims Asami.

Simona ignores her, and likewise ignores the blood streaming down her hand. You're not sure you even want to know the materials and enchantments in the glass case that she just smashed. With a pained look (did she break something in her hand?) she deftly picks up the ribbon, and ties it around Ryouko's left wrist.

"Simona?" asks Ryouko. "What in the name of the Goddess..."

And then Simona leans forwards to clutch her in a hug, squeezes her tightly, like she's afraid to let go.

"I'll watch over Asami for you," she says, "and protect her as long as I can, okay?" She punctuates it with a small, delicate kiss on the cheek. "May the Goddess protect you."

You're a little taken aback. You did not give her permission to kiss your girl.

Asami's face has turned bright red.

. . . . .

Asami's face has turned a pale, chalky white. She is trying to speak, and failing to speak.

On the right wall of the Ribbon Chamber is an image of Homura with white wings, a purple aura radiant, eyes serene. On the center wall is an image of a white‐misted goddess, now with pink-tinted hair, in an all‐embracing pose. On the left wall stands Homura with black wings, black corruption oozing, eyes crazed. No, not an image, the actual Homura. It's easy to tell because the wings are much, much worse in person.

*Okay. Don't panic,* you advise Ryouko, panicking.

. . . . .

just, chaos

. . . . .

*Ryouko. Ryouko.*

Her consciousness stirs, slightly, but is still fundamentally in a dreaming state. You can tell, because of the cake.

\*Ryouko, it's time to wake up.

What time is it that it is time to wake up?\* she flippantly inquires, while poking at the frosting with her fork.

While unimportant to your situation, it occurs to you that it is a question you cannot answer. Your internal chronometer has desync'd in the electromagnetic mayhem, and your connections are all still down. You try the backup protocols, just for good measure.

Wait. There's one connection, one of your oldest legacy protocols, a simple one-way broadcast of time data from satellites in geostationary orbit, a crude form of geolocation which probably shouldn't even be in this protocol stack anymore. Also, it doesn't make any sense; it's totally obsolete, and it's giving you nonsense data.

Oh, well, a little nonsense now and then...

*It's the 28th of March, 2011, about 7:48 in the morning.*

This seems to have gotten her attention, which is better than you forcing her awake and leaving her disoriented in what could be a combat zone. *What time is it, really?* she asks.

*I have no idea, absolutely everything's offline, and we're probably still in a miasma, so I'm deaf and blind. Could you please wake up properly so we can save the day again?*

She rolls over to sit up, and opens her eyes.

Green grass. Morning sunlight, actually quite consistent with 7:52 in the morning. Definitely no miasma. The ribbon is still tied around her left arm. There are still about a dozen unused grief cubes in her pocket.

"What ... where are we?" she asks aloud.

*So the only signal that I can access is an old geolocation protocol, which doesn't make any sense at all and should be totally obsolete, but about five different satellites are saying that we're in downtown Mitakihara and it's 7:48 in the morning. Give or take. There's a small integer offset for leap seconds that I don't have the data to adjust for...*

"This can't be downtown Mitakihara," mumbles Ryuoko, stretching, and looking around. "Where are all the buildings?"

A chill goes down Ryouko's spine. This was you, shivering. \*It's entirely consistent with Mitakihara 2011...

What the hell? Where's Asami? Where's Simona?\*

Ryouko stands, taking stock of your surroundings: a pleasant, shaded path, by a stream. A passer-by is approaching at low speed on an unfamiliar two-wheeled vehicle. His face is unfamiliar, and of course the nomenclator is offline, but he looks to be about the same age as Ryouko herself, a middle schooler.

He calls out as he approaches. "Good morning, Shizuki-san!"

Ryouko waves, reflexively.

"See you in class!" he says, wheeling along.

*Clarisse,* asks a hapless Ryouko, still haplessly waving. *What the hell do we do?*

Your prime directive beckons.

**> offer Ryouko advice**
General tactical plan:
\[ ] Remain where you are and observe passively
\[ ] Search the immediate area for Asami and/or Simona
\[ ] Follow the cyclist to the local middle school
\[ ] Seek out and contact local government authorities

With regard to people passing by:
\[ ] Attempt to engage passing middle school students.
\[ ] Attempt to remain hidden from passing students.

If you encounter conversation:
\[ ] Attempt to pose as this Shizuki-san you just heard of.
\[ ] Do not attempt to pose as Shizuki-san.
\[ ] Identify that your last name is also Shizuki-san.
\[ ] Pretend that your name is something different.

\[ ] Attempt to enlist assistance.
\[ ] Pretend everything is normal.

*(Detailed reasoning and discussion of motivations are not necessary, but is welcome, and may help convince Ryouko in the event that she is reluctant.)*
