# (the Sublime and Merciful)

**\[X] Keep playing dumb. You were just hoping to meet a friend
\[X] Enquire after this stranger, Shizuki Hitomi**
\[x] Enquire after your friend, Tomoe Mami
\[?] Enquire after Nakihara Asami and/or Simona del Mago

Your girl is awkward because she's doesn't have a coherent cover story.

\*It's fine, tell them you're just here looking for a friend. It's even true, in a way.

Which friend? Asami?

Maybe; they're unlikely to know her name, \*you note, *but it'd be a good excuse for why we're here. Alternatively, you could ask about someone who you both might know. Say, perhaps, Tomoe Mami?*

Ryouko's head tries to get around the idea of thinking of Mami as a contemporary teen girl. It goes a good deal easier than might be expected; the visions must have helped in this regard.

The idea of looking for Mami comforts her, a part of her which is ignoring this new conception and still thinking of the responsible Ancient who always knows how to make things better. *Okay*, she affirms. \*That's a good idea.

We should also ask about Hitomi. I guarantee that whatever happens, it'll be less awkward to confront it up front.\*

"I'm quite sorry," says Ryouko, doing a perfect imitation of a socially awkward teen caught by surprise, "I'm just … here … I was hoping to meet a friend. Tomoe Mami-san. Do you know her?"

"Tomoe-san?" remarked Yuuka. "Uhh… I don't know…"

"What?" asks Wakaba, fiddling with her device. "Tomoe-senpai? Really? What, for a meeting of the International Unrealistic Hair Club for Girls or something?"

"Oh, right, *her*," says the tall girl.

"Yes," says Wakaba. Her device is producing a series of gentle tones. "Hold on a second."

\*\*\[x] Start reverse-engineering protocols.
\*\*

Wakaba appears to be initiating a voice call. You experiment with reverse engineering the protocol.

Imagine browsing along on the networks someday and you decide to 'View Source' on a random page and look at how the JavaScript does everything that you take for granted. Except it's all minified, and it's not like a simple forum webpage, it's a full fledged video decoder, you don't know the wavelet algorithm it's using, and the traffic is encrypted.

Using the old GPS drivers as reference, you can recognize the transmission patterns as a related approach, duplexed direct sequence spread-spectrum wideband code division multiple access, which is like solving the problem of "lots of people shouting at each other in an unintelligible din" by having them shout the same thing over and over a dozen times, at intervals, but with a different pattern of shouting and silence, so that there's *probably* a time when each can be heard clearly. It's actually somewhat clever, in a primitive, haphazard, uncoordinated way. It reminds you of historical footage of a hive of honey-bees, bumbling into each other, complete with the buzzing noises. You make a note — they may have real honey available here, and other fantastical delicacies.

But thinking about the obvious intersymbol interference issues still makes you feel *dirty*. You're a massively multiuser cooperative-MIMO orthogonal frequency division multiplexing girl at heart, and probably always will be. How these savages actually do their code assignments and key exchanges, anyway? The preamble will probably be key, and there are probably some device-specific cryptographic secrets which would help tremendously — you could probably crack them in hours, at most, if you knew what you were doing, but it's sort of a chicken and egg problem right now. Well, you've *categorized* this kind of traffic, at least, and are recording a capture for future analysis. The things you put up with for your girl, honestly…

Wakaba places the device in the communication position, which appears to involve a 135-degree angle. *"*Sayaka! Where are you, and what have you done with Shizuki-san?*"*

You and Ryouko can make out the reply, though you imagine that'd be harder for the others.

*"What?"* says the voice on the other end of the line, giggling.\* "I haven't done anything. Now, Kaname-chan, on the other hand, is completely at my mercy. Or would be, if I weren't talking to you, anyway."\*

"Yeah, well, I don't believe you. We're wise to your schemes, girl!"

\*"Schemes? Hold on - Hitomi, where's my bag? Oh, thanks."

Did you hear the name Kaname? \*you point out. \*Sounds like your great-grandfather's side of the family.

Goddess, Clarisse. It's been how many generations? Honestly, what are the chances anyone I meet here is **not** some sort of distant relative?

Huh. That's a good question.\* What's the right way to figure that, anyway? You're not sure a naïve numerical approach is a good match for population dynamics since the Unification Wars…Never mind, that's not important right now.

Wakaba seems dissatisfied at the response, possibly suspicious that Sayaka is feigning ignorance. "Is Hitomi there with you? Put her on."

There is a brief pause, and something just beneath the noise floor. Good hearing or not, this is not a hi-fidelity connection.

*"Hitomi regrets to say she's declared neutrality, and will have no part in these current shenanigans!"*

"Sayaka! Where is she?"

*"We're almost at school. I —"*

"Well, stay where you are! Nanami and I want to have a word with you three before class. Especially Hitomi."

*"Wait, what?"*

"Make it happen, girl. We'll be along in a minute." She snaps the device shut.

**\[x] Play along, to meet new people**

-

Okay, we've hit pay dirt.\*

"Was that … Shizuki Hitomi-san?" asks Ryouko.

"Why don't we go take a walk and find out?" asks the tall one. You presume she is Nanami, and start updating the nomenclator settings manually with tentative labels. "It's not far. And we'll see if we can spot Tomoe-senpai along the way."

"Okay," says Ryouko. "I'd be happy to clear up the misunderstanding…"

Nanami leads the way.

\*I'm totally going to stand out and attract attention, \*remarks Ryouko to you, with a little sing-songy intonation on the end of the phrase, *because they all have school uniforms and I do not.*

**\[ ] shoplift at uniform store?**
Shoplifting is dubious, the proposed strategy for obtaining store location information is fraught. It seems likely to raise additional complications, and the whole operation conflicts with consensus objectives.

Still. \*It'll be fine for the moment, \*you tell her, *but we'd have more options if we could get a uniform all the same*.

As the three of you proceed, Yuuka takes you by the hand, to lead you along — a bit of a surprise, but consistent with your earlier model of her thinking. *I don't think she's drawing a clear line in her head between you and the other Shizuki-san,* you explain to a slightly startled Ryouko.

"So hey," asks Yuuka, "do you always wear a ribbon around your wrist? It's kinda pretty."

"Uhh, no, actually, a friend gave that to me…" Ryouko starts.

"Tomoe-senpai?" asks the girl.

"Uh, no, a different friend, actually. It's kind of a long story."

"Okay," says Yuuka, content.

Nanami looks at Ryouko like she's a total weirdo. This bothers you, because she's *right*, but for all the wrong reasons.

Wakaba stifles a giggle. "Well, you've got your space-case act down pat, Shizuki-san, I have to admit."

The middle school seems to be place as your Mitakihara map places Miki Sayaka High. As you round a corner and approach the entrance, you catch sight of a few familiar faces, and the nomenclator tries its goddess-darn'd best, as it identifies visual matches for Kashida Maki, Shizuki Ryouko, and Grandmother, though the latter two are tagged with a kind of faded sepia color to indicate that it thinks you must be looking at historical footage or a simulation. Grandmother (\*Kaname Madoka) is hiding behind a serene Shizuki-san (the *other* one, obviously), while Maki menaces her playfully.

"Huh," says Wakaba. "Well, I do declare."

Yuuka blink-blinks, dropping Ryouko's hand, and looks back and forth between her and her doppleganger.

"Sayaka!" calls out Nanami. "Explain what's going on here."

"What?" yells the girl tagged Maki, sparing only a glance at your crew. "I'm innocent, I swear!"

You take a moment to update your local nomenclator data, as it is very distracting; you also replace the color with one that you use in the field for friendly forces that are not part of your unit. The others from before you update with civilian-of-interest markers.

Shizuki Hitomi is busy giving *Miki Sayaka* a low key pout, and is adequately distracted. You quickly analyze the resemblance to your girl. It's a strong one: Hitomi is taller, and your girl definitely has better hair, but otherwise, she looks an awful lot like the avatar you used as a hologram in Paris, when you teased Ryouko, "I see no harm in convincing the world you're a bombshell." You think you like her, but wonder what that says about your own self-image.

Kaname Madoka (no longer tagged Grandmother) has short pink hair in little tufted pigtails, held up by two red ribbons.

*Is that who I think it's supposed to be?* demands Ryouko.

She turns to look right at Ryouko. You've seen her face before, very much like this, except with golden eyes, and possibly a magical girl outfit very much like Ryouko's own. You update the nomenclator again, and it now reads "Kaname Madoka (the sublime and merciful)."

"Oh, goddess," says Ryouko, taking a step backwards. This isn't the shock she was preparing for.

"Goddess?" asks Yuuka, confused by the future slang, and of course blissfully unaware of its oddly appropriate nature.

Madoka herself looks at Ryouko a second or two, and does a bit of a double-take, verifying that Hitomi is in fact still right in front of her.

You suspect that Ryouko is still willing to power through the current awkwardness, in hopes of eventually reaching Tomoe Mami, but the situation just turned slightly absurd.

**> advise Ryouko**

\[ ] Get away fast before you catch Hitomi's attention
\[ ] Play dumb about the uncanny resemblance
\[ ] Tell a clever story

\[ ] Write-in details​

\[ ] Tell the truth in earnest
\[ ] Worship the goddess

**> plan**

What does this mean to our general approach in this world, anyway?

\[ ] ???

You have made a note to take stock of grief cube supplies at the next opportunity, but this doesn't seem like the time.
