# We're gonna work together from now on

"Oh, oh wow!" says Madoka. "Hitomi! Look!"

\*Sublime and Merciful? Seriously?

If it's 2011, you need to not be relying on that thing too much\*, you chide.

Sayaka actually looks first. "What?" She looks back and forth a few times.

A hush of expectations falls over the little assembly, as Hitomi and Ryouko's eyes meet.

Ryouko has been in this situation before, in Paris, with the actress, when Elisa was doing her best to copy everything down to the gait and mannerisms, and the initial shock had worn off after a while. Clearly, it's back. And, of course, Hitomi must be *utterly* unprepared for such things to even be possible…

Hitomi leaves her bag on the ground beside her, and steps forwards, eyes wide, as if in a trance. There is a gentle push from the behind you, as Yuuka seems to think Ryouko should be moving towards Hitomi as well, and she complies as much out of distraction as anything else. As the your two girls near each other, Hitomi raises her right hand, and Ryouko mirrors the gesture, and first their fingertips and then the whole of their hands press against each other, as if to make sure they are real. There's a small height difference, your girl is definitely a little shorter than Hitomi — about the same height as Madoka.

After a good ten seconds of just looking at each other, Hitomi gently pulls her hand back and starts to giggle. "Oh my. I don't know what's going on. Am I dreaming?" She turns to look at Sayaka and Madoka. "Madoka, what's the symbolism of meeting yourself in a dream?" Now that she's somewhat out of trance mode, her mannerisms distinguish her a little better. There is a certain practiced grace to her movements.

"It's not a dream! Her name is Shizuki too!" cries Yuuka, as the crowd draws together a bit. "Shizuki Ryouko-chan. I found her first, so she's my friend now."

Ryouko blushes.

You feed your girl the basic outline of a reasonable story.

"I - I'm just in town, unexpectedly, it's kind of a long story really, I, um, didn't expect to meet anyone who looked like … I mean, I didn't even know there was a Shizuki family presence in town at all … "

"Really," said Nanami, drily. "I should hate to see your face when you went downtown to a concert."

"Nanami," chides Wakaba. "Hitomi's *right here*. Don't embarrass her."

Nanami opens her mouth for a moment, then closes it.

Sayaka is eyeing the two of you thoughtfully. She may be plotting.

"Wait," says Madoka. "You're not a transfer student, are you?"

"I'm quite sorry for all the confusion and fuss," says Ryouko, earnestly.

Hitomi considers a moment, and smiles. She reaches out her hand again, but this time, for a handshake. "Welcome to Mitakihara, Shizuki Ryouko. I'm Shizuki Hitomi. I hope we can be good friends! And I love your hair."

"… thank you," says Ryouko, relaxing a bit, smiling, and returning the handshake.

"So what," asks Sayaka, "you guys are like, actually relatives, right? I mean, you'd pretty much have to be. Twins, maybe? Separated at birth?"

Ryouko shakes her head no.

You give Ryouko a quick nudge. *Take off the silly ribbon when they're distracted and you have a second. Ribbons are for hair, not wrists.*

She nods, slipping that hand behind her back.

"I'm pretty sure that's not the case," says Hitomi.

"Maybe your papa was just keeping her a secret from your family all these years!" exclaims Yuuka.

"… *Yuuka,*" objects Nanami.

"What?"

"Cease your vicious and unscrupulous rumor-monging at once!"

"W - what, did I say something weird?"

Wakaba sighs. "It's not exactly what you said, it's the inappropriateness of the unspoken implications which would be necessary to make that true."

"Huh? I don't…" She trails off.

"Geez, Yuuka, really?" asks Sayaka.

"Okay, okay," says Wakaba, "let's not worry about that now. We can have a talk later."

"…***THE*** talk?" asks Sayaka, eyes wide.

"IF NECESSARY, YES." declares Wakaba, "BUT LET US MOVE ON."

Yuuka looks uncomfortable.

"Right. You!" Nanami gestures in your direction, and all eyes are back on Ryouko. "Are you the mythical transfer student, or are you not? We clearly have lots of business, and rapidly diminishing time in which to pursue it!"

"I'm… I don't think so, I really don't know about —"

"Okay, then, first things first. Madoka!! Watch very carefully." She pulls out a communications device. "Ryouko-san, what's your cell phone number?"

Madoka blushes. "I remember most of the time!!"

\*Cell phone number? \*enquires your girl.

\*It's the communications device; they don't have a directory lookup service and use a low-level numeric device identifier instead. In theory we shouldn't need separate hardware, but the protocol's too old for me to have a driver, so if you spot a chance to borrow a device, or better, disassemble one, then I think I can get it working a lot faster than with over-the-air analysis.

…. would we put it back together when we're done?

Maybe? That might take tools…\*

"I, uh, I'm sorry, I haven't gotten a cell phone yet …" apologizes Ryouko.

"What!?!" exclaims Nanami. "You poor, deprived thing."

"Her hair is her only worldly treasure," says Wakaba, putting her hands over her heart with what you hope is merely *feigned* drama.

"Well, I suppose I can write down my number," says Hitomi, turning back towards her bag.

"No, it's okay," says Ryouko, "just tell me what it is and I'll remember it…"

\*Ryouko. Not normal.

… Sorry!\*

"No, it's no problem at all," insists Hitomi, procuring one of her notebooks, and a graphite pencil.

Ryouko tenses again. \*Someone's coming.

Someone?

Magical girl, I think, definitely not Mami though. That's generally dangerous in 2011, right?

Keep calm. We're in public, in a group. They probably won't do anything. Pretend you don't even notice.\*

Hitomi has torn a sheet out of one of her notebooks, and is kneeling down to inscribe an eleven digit code.

The girl in question nears, then breaks into a surprisingly awkward running gait as she heads towards the group. Ryouko braces herself, getting ready for any necessary evasion, before she even turns her head to see the approaching …

cute little girl with ridiculous long black braids and red glasses. Do people seriously even run like that?

"Kaname-san!" she says, leaping to embrace Madoka, with tears running down her eyes. "Oh thank goodness! Kaname-san, I've become a magical girl just like you! We're gonna work together from now on!!"

"What fresh hell is this?" marvels Nanami.

\*Is, um, Kaname-san even a magical girl, actually, even?!? \*you ask Ryouko.

*I don't think so?!*

Madoka's face turns pink with embarrassment as the new girl squeezes her affectionately. "I was so worried, I cried because I didn't want to lose you, but it's all better now, and we're … I'm going to be cool, like you always said, and …"

Your girl is blushing as well.

Everyone gathered is watching those two. Ryouko goes to check the nomenclator and almost trips over herself at the result, which takes some doing, as she's standing still. \*The rumored transfer student… oh, goddess, you have got to be **joking**.

Well, it makes sense if you think about it,\* you insist...

**> no seriously though, what**

My, my, there seems to be a little bit of a Scene, and, well, there goes the Masquerade. It's likely that there is going to be some serious questions asked about magical girls real soon now, possibly including a Demonstration, and there may be an elevated risk you might even be outed. Well, at least it's not [Meow Quest](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/meow-quest-pmmm-catgirl-homura.9062/) timeline.

Carrying on...
\[ ] Weirdness levels critical, bail out for real while they're all distracted.
\[ ] Intervene, trying to take **Akemi Homura** aside, *quietly*
\[x] Keep pretending to be a normal girl visiting town. Hi. (status quo)
\[ ] Admit to magical girl stuff when called on it
\[ ] Admit to magical girl stuff proactively

\[ ] … and to being from the distant future
\[ ] … and praise Madoka, the Sublime and Merciful​

Use the disruption as an opportunity to dissuade your girl from contacting Mami?
\[ ] Strongly advise against contacting Mami
\[ ] Encourage her to further reflect first
\[ ] Proactively encourage contacting Mami

Good news! You now have Hitomi's cell phone number, even if she hasn't handed you the paper yet. (Paper! Such a concept.)
