# I really am from the future!

\[x] Go over memory records and check if Madoka magica

It really doesn't look like it.

**\[x] Keep pretending to be a normal girl visiting town**
**\[x] DO NOT break masquerade further** (remind Ryouko it exists)
\[x] DO NOT attempt to invent excuses for Homura

\*Remain calm. Say nothing. Keep your secrets. Remember we're in the Masquerade era; operational security is ****paramount****. That said, try not to get associated with her crazy talk, \*you advise, *inventing excuses for her is probably a bad plan.*

Ryouko is only too happy to agree wholeheartedly, thank the goddess. \*This does seem a little bit out of control.

Given how little we understand the situation, I'm not even really sure we should try contact Mami. Certainly not until things have de-escalated. Things are way too volatile.\*

"I- I'm sorry, I don't have any idea what you're talking about!!" exclaims poor Madoka, who has already been accosted once this morning and was *just* recovering.

"Okay then, new girl, who exactly are you, anyway?!?" demands Nanami.

"Are YOU the transfer student??" enquires a wide-eyed Yuuka.

"Oh no! Of course you wouldn't remember!" says the dark-haired magical girl, letting Madoka go. She turns to face the rest of the group. "Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Akemi Homura! I am a magical girl … from the future! That's how I know Kaname-san! I also know you're, uh, Nakamura Nanami," she points, "and Tenjou Wakaba, and Shiina Yuuka, and Shizuki Hitomi, and … " she pauses. "Wait, why are there two Hitomis?"

"Clever," says Nakamura Nanami, "but clearly rehearsed. Sayaka, this is your doing as well, I presume?"

"You glorious maniac," says Wakaba, looking at Sayaka as well. "What's the end-game, though?"

"Wow," says Yuuka, "are you *really* magic?"

"Of course I'm magic!" says Homura, then turns back to look at you and Hitomi. "Wow, and Hitomi is too! She can be two people at once!" She claps with delight.

Hitomi, to her credit, has been well trained in the art of remaining calm around crazy shenanigans. Ryouko herself seems inspired by her example. You're liking this girl more and more.

"Okay, okay, calm down," says Sayaka, intervening in the ongoing train wreck. "Listen, Akemi-san. You seem like a fun person, but you're scaring Madoka, who, as we were *just* busy establishing, mere *moments* before you arrived here, is to be my future bride."

"Wh-whaaa?" Homura stares wide-eyed. "I - I - I'm sorry, I didn't… Kaname-san?!? You and Miki-san? Is this true?" she enquires earnestly.

Madoka is wincing, and her face is bright red, and it seems she's just a little too embarrassed to respond to that. She *starts*, but all that actually comes out of her mouth is a funny little noise.

"… Oh geez, I'm sorry, Madoka," says Sayaka. "Okay. No, miss Akemi, it's not true. We were talking about Madoka's new hair ribbons, and teasing about how she was trying to get all the boys, and I was joking about how I wouldn't let them have her. It was just playing around. I'm sorry, I guess I went a little too far myself." She pauses. "So, seriously. Hi. Welcome to Mitakihara, um, both of you, I guess? And let's all, you know, try to *not* make Madoka cry?"

Madoka exhales. "Thanks, Sayaka," she says, quietly, and squeezes her friend's hand.

"Oh no, I'm … I'm so sorry!" says Homura. "I - I didn't mean…"

"There, there," says Sayaka, patting her on the shoulder with her other hand. "It'll be fine. And I'm sorry to spoil the fun. It's a good fun act, but you should get to know people better before you start putting them into your games without asking, all right?"

"but… but… It's not a game!" says Homura. "I really am from the future! … well, like, *one month* into the future. But it was a really, really scary future."

"Seriously," asks Sayaka.

Homura nods affirmatively.

Nanami rolls her eyes. Wakaba listens attentively.

"There was a … a big witch, it's like a horrible magical monster thing, and it blew up half of downtown, and Tomoe-san and Kaname-san were the only magical girls who could fight it, and they both … " She pauses for a moment, eyes closed, and clutches at her heart. "It was really bad, okay? A lot of people got hurt."

"Really," states Sayaka.

"Yes," says Homura.

Nanami's expression shifts to something horrified. She's probably still under the impression that Homura is crazy, but feeling bad for the crazy person.

"Okay, okay, then, well. *If* you're a magical girl," asks Sayaka, "prove it. What kind of magic can you do?"

"… Okay, I'll show you," says Homura. "Everybody watch, and, prepare to be amazed!"

Homura transforms in an instant, into exactly the costume that you'd expect, which is to say, it's not a very impressive little transformation. As she does so, a muted color drops over the world around you. Everything turns faded blue and white, and everyone just stops moving, except for Homura (who has her hand on the small round shield on her arm) and you.

Homura smiles, striding confidently away from the center of the group — towards you and Hitomi — then notices you.

"What?? Hitomi, w-why aren't you … what?!?"

Ryouko sighs. "Okay, first of all, I'm not Hitomi. Second, *what are you doing?*"

"I stopped time!" explains Homura. "I t-thought you were supposed to stop with it … unless we're t-touching each other! W-why aren't you s-stopped?"

*What*, thinks your girl. But she carries on.

*Time stop? That's … unprecedented, I think,* you observe.

"Thank you for explaining that, but I meant, what are you doing, *giving a demonstration?* What are you doing, *talking about it?* Magical girls are kinda supposed to be a secret. Do you know what kind of trouble you can get in? Because honestly, I *don't*, but I'm pretty sure it's also very scary."

"T-trouble? W-with who?"

Ryouko sighs.

"Aaah! I-I'm so sorry! I… I'll stop…"

"No wait!" says Ryouko, a moment too late.

Homura de-activates the shield on her arm, and time abruptly resumes, to a small gasp from the crowd.

Hitomi places her hand over her mouth in surprise.

"Oh, *goddess,*" says Ryouko.

**> cry internally**

There's a hole in the Masquerade! I wonder what happens if we keep picking at it?

\[ ] Teleport away, praying to Madoka that the Incubators spare you.

\[ ] … and steal Homura's bag, hoping there's a cell phone in it​

\[ ] Telepath Homura, demanding her silence, then call Mami-senpai in.
\[ ] Take charge, attempt damage control by swearing everyone present to secrecy.

\[ ] People who tell the secret get *disappeared!* Let me demonstrate.​
