# I will keep your secret safe!

\*If we don't do something to stop this, it can only get worse, \*you opine. You outline a fantasy of getting their attention and diverting them to a conversation, ideally at lunch, in a more controlled environment.

*But how exactly?* wonders Ryouko. It's not exactly a question for you; it's rhetorical.

\*Well, if we're in a hole, I guess the first thing is to stop digging.
\*
Your girl thinks on that a moment.
\*
Akemi-san, \*Ryouko telepaths to the girl, *what's done is done, but could you ****please**** calm down? This secret is bigger than you, or even you and Madoka, and this situation is about to be out of control.*

She looks at you with wide eyes. It's possible this is her first encounter with telepathy, besides Kyuubey.

"Well then," mutters Nanami. "Wakaba. I think I'm …. actually convinced. Is this a trick? Should I be not convinced?"

"…. WOW," says Wakaba, rushing over, "I don't believe it that's so cool oh my god this changes so many things, oh my god, can I look, is that a magic crystal? oh, just, wow… awesome…" She takes Homura's hand to look more closely at the diamond soul gem.

*They're convinced. You can un-transform,* sends Ryouko,\* and maybe ask them to keep a secret.\*

She obliges, perhaps a little shocked by the level of attention she's experiencing.

*It's your own fault. See how it feels when you're suddenly the center of attention? You should apologize to Madoka, later.*

She nods, slightly.

"W-wait, what…" stutters Sayaka. "This has to be some sort of a trick. An illusion, right? Right, Nanami?"

"Akemi-san?" Madoka asks, tentatively. She doesn't say anything else; it's like she's just trying out the name.

Yuuka is just standing there with her mouth open.

"Akemi-san," asks Ryouko. "Are you the transfer student everyone's talking about?"

She nods her head Yes.

"So I know this must be all … beyond everyone's wildest dreams," says Ryouko, "certainly beyond mine, and I really do want to see how it turns out, but I am sensitive of your time. You all must have school starting very soon, and I *don't*, and I don't even have phone numbers, and I'm afraid that I'll be left —"

"Ryouko-chan," says Hitomi. "Here! You can borrow this." She offers you her phone, smiling. "If it says Mama or Papa, or Home, just ignore it, and I'll tell them it was in my bag."

"… Oh. Are you … are you sure that's okay?" asks Ryouko. She's considering the implications of a physical token that serves as access to a person's communications.

"Well, I trust you to return it, and besides, these girls are the ones who usually call me anyway."

"… Okay," says Ryouko, still a little awed. She's a little surprised to hear the return of the object as the potentially questionable part. "If you're sure…?"

"Ryouko," says Hitomi, reiterating her name, "Papa always reminds me that the Shizuki family name is built on a reputation, and that reputation is for honesty and plain dealing. So if ever I were in the same place, I hope that someone would be willing to take a chance on me, too." She has a very aspirational look about her.

*Wait. Is that flattery, or is she just trying to guilt me into bringing it back?* wonders Ryouko.

\*Possibly both? \*you suggest. *A statement like that works on several different levels, really.*

"Right," says Ryouko. "Is lunch at noon? We could meet somewhere outside — or on the roof maybe? The roof would be perfect."

Hitomi tilts her head to the side in consideration. "… Half 'til, actually, but the roof might work! If not, we'll call you."

Sayaka considers a moment. "Wait, wouldn't that …"

Hitomi makes a gesture to her, holding up her right hand, and Sayaka stops talking.

Ryouko takes the opportunity to make a small scene. "Akemi-san!" She bows to Homura, making a bit of a show. "I promise I will keep your secret safe!"

"Me too!" says Yuuka. "I promise! Cross my heart!"

There is general agreement on the matter. Even Madoka speaks up in agreement, and seems to be feeling a little better.

"Akemi-san," says Hitomi. "I'm a class representative. I can show you to the main office, if you'd like?"

"Oh, thank you kindly," she says, "but, I already know the way, and —"

"Akemi-san," she says, reiterating the girl's name once more, "won't you let me show you anyway?"

"… Okay." She nods, with emphasis.

"Okay, then, I'll see you at lunch, Ryouko-chan," she says with a smile, "and the rest of you in class. We'd better hurry, or we'll be late!" She waves, and heads off with a big bright smile.

Ryouko waves in reply.

**> Praise Madoka, that actually pretty much worked**

What should you and Ryouko do until lunch?
\[ ] Contact Tomoe Mami-senpai
\[ ] Look for a uniform no one's using
\[ ] Seek out a public information terminal
\[ ] Scout out the town on foot
\[ ] Hunt demons
\[ ] Hunt bunnycats
\[ ] Play with Hitomi's phone to learn more
\[ ] Disassemble Hitomi's phone to learn most
\[ ] Play cat's cradle with the ribbon
