# you can be Hitomi’s phone

**\[12] Contact Tomoe Mami-senpai from somewhere quiet**

… \*She's not there, \*observes Ryouko.

\*What? Both Homura and the other girls recognized her name. And her hair, apparently.

Yeah, well, she's not there or she's deliberately hiding and not listening\*, your girl replies.
\*
Okay. Well. \*Just when everything was going smoothly.

\[7] Attempt research on phone
\[6]\~\~ while waiting for Mami\~\~

\*Okay, let's do some preliminary work on that phone, at least…
\*
You two find a quiet spot on the greenway with a park bench and fiddle around, soon discovering a list of Hitomi's contacts, including:

- Home
- Mama
- Papa
- Papa's work
- America
- Grandma
- Kaname Madoka
- Miki Sayaka
- Tenjou Wakaba
- Nakumara Nanami
- Shiina Yuuka
- Kamijo
- Nakazawa
- School
- Hospital

You skip the thirty-some-odd people at the bottom named someone-or-another-sensei. Extracurricular tutors?

\*… I forgot to get Homura's cell phone number, \*laments Ryouko. \*I guess that's the price of managing the crazy.

What exactly does it mean to call "America?"\* you wonder.

*Some sort of relay?* proposes Ryouko. \*Because the networks aren't integrated properly?

Maybe. Can we try something? Dial Hitomi's number. I want to try making a call without actually disturbing someone else's phone.\*

She types it in.

\*What do I do now?

Green button, of course.\*

You're a little surprised to get an answer at all. Ryouko is *very* surprised to hear it.

"Welcome! You have No New Voice Messages. You have Nineteen Saved Voice Messages. Main Menu! To hear your Saved Messages Press One Now!"

*Okay, turn it off. Red button!* you prompt.

*What the hell was that?!?* asks your girl.

\*An offline messaging system? Ugh, dialing your own number for that … I guess that works, but ugh, such a terrible design.

No, I understand that much, I meant the voice! That was really creepy!

Oh. Ah. They, haha, they don't have text to speech capability. It's just a bunch of audio clips they string together.

Good goddess, that was creepy. I thought we'd get old time robot voices like in a movie.\*

About ten minutes of fiddling and known-plaintext attacks later, you spot a pattern.

No. No way. It can't possibly be that simple. This is just sad. Even for 2011 they should know better.

Well, their loss is your gain.

*Okay,* you tell your girl. \*Good news, I think I've figured out enough so that you can be Hitomi's phone.

That's … weird. Bad news?\* asks Ryouko.

*It's just that, just impersonating Hitomi's phone. We'd show up on the systems with her ID. Which also means she can't call us, the routing doesn't work that way. And I can't imagine the systems would be happy with two of the same phone on the network. It should be okay as long as we're in the general area but even then I can't predict which one would ring.*

Ryouko sighs.

**\[3] Play cat's cradle with the ribbon**
(I'm so proud of you guys.)

*Okay, you're too tense. It's not doing us any favors. Try to relax*, you tell Ryouko. *It's a beautiful day. We're in a lovely park. There are trees – birds! Flowers. Possibly even bees, somewhere. The bounty of nature.*

Your girl apparently has an irrational fear of small flying poison sting drones, even if she's rationally aware that they can't do a thing to her.

*Fine. Play cat's cradle with the ribbon, or something*, you propose, irreverently.

\*Wait, the ribbon! Where did I … Where did it go?!?

… What?!? Did you drop it?

I was just holding it behind my back, and then I…\*

She checks her pockets in a panic. 13 grief cubes. Soul gem decoys.

\*Ryouko… \*you realize. \*It's in your hair.
\*
Ryouko's hair has reconfigured itself with a ribbon. The style brings in a small amount of hair from either side of the head together into a central pony-tail, which is then free to join the rest of the hair. It's woven into the braid, rather than being tied.

\*Oh thank the goddess.

Ryouko… why. whyyyyyyyy.

… You said! You said ribbons are for hair, not hands!

Do you think they noticed.

I don't know?!?

A priceless, peerless, irreplaceable holy artifact paid reverence by millions of magical girls across the stars, and Shizuki Ryouko just ****accidentally**** puts it up in her hairdo, while people might have been watching.

The people were distracting me! \*she objects. \*Wait... does that make me like Homura version 2 or something?

… I think Homura is Homura version 2, that other Homura is version 1, and I really have no idea who you are.

Goddess, Clarisse, time travel makes you snarky. Maybe you should go be Hitomi's tac-comp if I'm such a bother. And I'll be the … phone, or something.\*

You decline to discuss the finer points of early 21st century notification system interface capabilities. That would be crude, and uncharitable besides.

*Oh, but Ryouko darling, you know you're the only girl for me.*

Ryouko gets up. \*Fine then. Relax, you say. I'm going for a walk. \*She leaves the ribbon where it is.

\[3] If free ~~after Mami meeting~~ seek library
\[4] Seek out a public information terminal
\[3] Scout out town on foot
You briefly outline the results of various tactical go-for-a-walk simulations, the risks of attracting unwanted trouble, and potential benefits of restored information network access.

*I thought you wanted me to relax look at birds and things,* she said.

*Okay, sure, that too.*

The birds are plainly colored but their songs are delightful; they bring back memories of hikes on alien worlds. Of course, in a way, this is another one.

Ryouko notices a flash of motion, in the bushes, and steps over to investigate. Still on edge.

*Terrestrial wildlife?* you suggest.

She steps over.

"Oh. Oh no," says Ryouko, aloud.

A bird lays stretched out dead on the edge of the path. The wing-feathers are stretched out in a fine display but the poor thing's belly has been gnawed on. Ryouko crouches down to look at it.

There is a pathetic *meow* from the bushes.

\*A cat! \*you remark. Ryouko can just make out its form through the foliage. It's a small black cat, possibly a juvenile. \*A stray cat? Or, wait, even if it's a pet, I guess…

It killed a baby bird!\* says Ryouko, briefly regarding it as more of a monster than the squid.

Your girl is something else. For all the bloodlust, for all the combat she's seen, she still carried that little bit of sweet innocence. You're a little sad, to see it lost like this.

\*Maybe it was just hungry… \*you propose.

The kitty gives a pathetic Meow again.

Ryouko realizes that sooner or later finding food is going to be a problem for her, as well, especially if they use a Capitalism here. She stands back up, and walks over to a bench, and tries not to cry.

*I don't like the twenty-first century.*

\*\**> *give Ryouko internal hugs**

Ryouko is on course to find a library or something.
\[ ] Resume after a minimum of distraction
\[ ] Try to pet the kitty
\[ ] Try to find food for the kitty

\[ ] Crunchy birdses. Juicy birdses.​
