# Clarisse, I don't like the twenty-first century

**\[8] Wander
\[6] Visit Local Greenspaces
\[5] Visit Suburbia**

*The residential sector. It's probably the safest,* you say, *and besides that, all the girls live there, and anything that you understand about their world is going to help. Think of them like Azrael. They look just the same as you, more or less, but they know a different way of life.*

You head through the parks and green spaces to find houses, passing the occasional pedestrian — a young mother with a stroller and a happy baby, a man jogging by with a sweatband tied around his forehead, a few others. Not a whole lot.

*They have private lawns,* Ryouko marvels. \*That man is growing food, right there. Tomatoes. Tomatoes, in Mitakihara. In the dirt. It's so spread out. It's like the hyperclass or something.

Please,\* you say, \*the true hyperclass would have a mansion with grounds the size of the city itself.

It's still really, really nice, \*says Ryouko. \*Why don't we have suburbs?

Sprawl. It's really nice if you live there but it also means you're in everybody's way. It's not so bad here, near downtown, but it just goes on for miles and miles.\*

You point out some apartment buildings in the distance. They don't look *bad*, for the twenty-first century anyway, but it's a small taste of that legendary inequality.

A small dog barks at Ryouko from behind a fence, and lives to tell about it.

*Pets.* states Ryouko. \*They spend their resources on big big houses, with yards, and pets, and — and somewhere out there right now there are children starving in the streets. They're all like the hyperclass in miniature.

Come, it's not as bad as all that,\* you say. \*Exotic pets are a trope for the hyperclass in all the movies, and they're not part of our culture. But they're hardly the big problem of the twenty-first century. They don't eat a lot and they make people feel better. You're just being judgmental about other cultures. It's not a virtue.

Still!\* she insists.\* If it's the twenty-first century, that means there are people out there, somewhere, starving to death in the street. Why aren't people doing something about it? Why isn't everyone?

Well. Remember your economic history material? \*you ask. \*The barriers to economic equality in the twenty-first century are structural and profound. The technology to implement effective incentive structures and representative government is still just barely being imagined. They've \*\*tried \*\*to fix everything, and sometimes it works badly, and sometimes hundreds of millions of people die.

They should still do something,\* insists Ryouko.

That's the thing, though, isn't it?
\*
Yeah. You're not wrong\*, you tell her.

. . . . .

(*tts* is cute and hieronym is cute and it is all so full of hope)

. . . . .

"Good morning, Shizuki-san!" calls a funny voice from one of the houses.

"Oh, uh, good morning," says Ryouko, turning to look at the source, "but I'm not …" She stops mid-sentence.

*Don't stare, don't stare, don't stare*, you chide, but she's staring anyway. The house is small, and the paint is a little worn, and in front, in the garden, is a little old lady. She's standing on the path — if you can call it standing, for she is hunched over, supporting herself with a cane. She wears big black sunglasses on her wrinkled, wrinkled face, and her hair is grey. She's dressed well enough, but smells a little funny.

"Aren't you supposed to be in school by now? Ah! Don't tell me it's Sunday and I forgot about it."

"I, uh, no, I don't have any classes today," Ryouko says, a little dazed.

"Oh. Won't you come in and have some cookies, then?" she asks, with a smile and a laugh.

"O … okay," says Ryouko.

*It's okay, it's normal,* you say to Ryouko, following quietly as the little old lady totters over to her door. *Treat her with respect and dignity. Especially if it's all as bad as that.*

"Sorry for all the mess," she says, as she opens the door. "Granny's re-organizing."

The inside of the house is a disaster. You couldn't see it from the outside, because the shades were down, but all around there are piles of things, things that don't belong on furniture, on the furniture, stacks of pots and pans, newspapers, jars. There is a putrid stench of decaying matter. It's bad.

Beside the kitchen door, there is a strange sculpture, the upholstered forms of a cylinders and a cube, with holes in them, supported by thin poles. It is remarkably free from the piles on top of everything else.

Suddenly, from a dark hole in the cylinder, a creature emerges with distinctive silhouette.

"Meow?" asks the white cat with red eyes, from its hole on the cat-tree.

. . . . .

You are suddenly under a tree in the park, and Ryouko is doing her best not to throw up.

*That is not normal!!!* screams Ryouko at you internally.

You don't know what to say. You're pretty badly shaken too.

\*She wanted to feed me something that was cooked there! She presumably eats food that she cooks there!

I know, I … it's one thing to hear about things, it's another to actually experience it.

Clarisse,\* she cries to you.\* I don't like the twenty-first century, I want to go home.

I know,\* you reassure her.

*It's … it must be some sort of disorder, she doesn't even know it's not normal, because, it's not just her body it's her m-mind, is failing her, and the people… around … don't help…*

You consider that. \*I don't know if they know. She must be hiding it. She keeps the blinds down. Her neighbors would probably know, though…

Why don't people help her??\* demands Ryouko.

\*How? Just clean it all up? I mean… There's basic machines, but it's still a lot of work to clean. And when they're done she might just start all over again. If it's a disorder… And they probably don't see it often. They don't have training, they don't know what to do when they see the signs, they don't even know the signs, or they do but they don't know how bad it's gotten.

They should do something\*, says Ryouko, bitterly.

\*Maybe some of them are just barely holding on themselves, maybe they get swept away and by the time they figure their life out they've forgotten.

Still,\* insists Ryouko.

*Maybe they're scared,* you propose.

That one gets her.

*Maybe … maybe I'll help her somehow,* thinks Ryouko. \*But … I'm scared too, and don't know how. … does that make me a bad person too?

You're not a bad person!\* you exclaim. *They're not bad people! It's just… a broken world. All anyone can do is to try to make it better and they can't do it all at once...*

. . . . .

so hey everyone, it's Christmas, and I appear to be writing an update which is … not particularly festive and joyous and full of happiness, camaraderie, and nostalgia. But I guess there's probably something in the true meaning of Christmas about helping people, even broken people, so if there's anything you can do to help someone out, or at least make someone's day better, and by this protect Ryouko's ~~resting blank expression face~~ smile, it would be very Christmas of you. And of course we will love you either way.

*(Also, just to be clear, Snowflake survived unscathed. It's a Christmas miracle.)*

. . . . .

Ryouko is recovering from what might frankly be considered an alarming emotional state, a hair breadth's away from emotional suppression, but her gem does not appear to be at risk.

\*It'll be okay.

Clarisse, I … There is so much that these people take for granted every day. There is so much that I take for granted. I honestly feel bad.

I know.

Really? \*she asks.

\*If you wish, \*you begin, *I will tell you about the indignities of carrier division multiple access telecommunications. It is a small thing, to be sure, but …*

Ryouko manages a laugh at that one. It's okay. She'll get through this.

. . . . .

\[5] Delete all the messages you sent to Hitomi's phone

you guys are too smart you ruined my little subplot you are no fun

\*Aah! So tedious! \*complains Ryouko. *I am also thankful for human computer interfaces.*

You ponder. \*I am thankful for humans. Especially you.

…Oh, Clarisse… I … Oh, goddess, I take ****you**** for granted, I'm a —

It's okay,\* you say, sending her internal hugs. \*Remember, we're in this together.

Thank you for being so patient with me.\*

. . . . .

\*You're all good to go, right? \*you confirm with your girl.

\*Yeah. I'll be fine.

Okay.\*

<**Hitomi**> I'm almost there! I'll see you guys soon.
<**Nanami**> sweetness

Ryouko looks up at the roof, from a distance. There are definitely girls up there. It looks like Nanami is leaning up against the fence. (It is a moderately fancy fence, with neat little diagonals, a decorative silver.)

\*I guess I might as well just teleport up, so I don't have to deal with anyone in the school. It's not like it's a lot of magic, not by any means.

Maybe teleport to just inside the door?\* you suggest. *So they're not surprised by you just appearing.*

She nods.

. . . . .

Ryouko pushes open the door to the roof, and waves Hi to the assembled group. "Umm, hello…"

"Well I'll be," says Nanami, activating her phone. "Score one for Wakaba-chan."

"All right!" says Sayaka.

"Welcome back, Ryouko-chan!" says Hitomi, beaming. "We're so glad to have you with us."

"Ahh… thank you, but, I really …" Ryouko looks at the smiling faces. "Wait, where *is* Miss Tenjou?"

"Wakaba!" says Nanami into her phone. "You were right! She just got here!"

"I'm on my way up!" replies Wakaba over the phone.

Hitomi chuckles. "I'm afraid they all insisted on a little trap."

"Trap?" says Ryouko, suddenly on edge.

"I told you she had to be magic too," says Yuuka.

"We were chatting on the way up," says Nanami, "and Wakaba was wondering why you'd want to meet on the roof of all places, when you don't even know how to get around the school, and then you didn't ask directions to the roof, or for anyone to bring you up to the roof, or even whether you were allowed to be on campus if you're not a student, so *yeah,* you just teleported to the roof, or something, didn't you." declares Nanami.

"And Homura didn't want to say anything about it," adds Yuuka.

"I — I'm sorry, Shizuki-san," stutters Homura.

Wakaba opens the door behind you, panting slightly. It seems she's just climbed the stairwell behind you rather quickly.

"Busted!" she says, catching her breath.

"So I was joking about the clone thing," says Nanami, "and Madoka thinks you make more sense as Hitomi's twin from a fairy-tale world, because you said stuff about a goddess and you've got more of a fairy princess vibe with the hair than sci-fi, but I figure you can use a cell phone far too well for that to make sense."

Wakaba adds her bit. "Yeah Madoka's idea is good by itself but it's more economical an explanation if she's just another magical girl. Who can teleport."

Madoka looks away from you, shyly. She's seated next to Sayaka and has the girl between herself and you.

"Now, now," says Hitomi, "be nice, everyone."

"Oh, and Hitomi spotted shenanigans with your ribbon, as well," says Nanami.

"Now, now," she repeats. "Really."

\*... Clarisse?

I think we both underestimated them,\* you lament.

**> provide disclosure management advice**

What you say here will shape your future with this group! Some options to consider:

\[ ] Bail out!
\[ ] Invent implausible excuses (write in pls)
\[ ] Cop to being magical but try to be vague
\[ ] Tell them about the glorious future

\[ ] And that you are a clone, but this is a technicality
\[ ] And speak of goddesses and ribbons
\[ ] Offer to call Nanami yourself and help​
