# You’re from Crystal Tokyo!

**> Admit to being a magical girl
\> Emphasize importance of secrets and the danger**
\> Tell them about general magical girl topics
\> Tell them in broad strokes about endless fighting, etc
**> Admit to being from the future**
\> Don't mention aliens
\> Ask for help figuring everything out
\> Maybe admit you're a clone
\> Ask to postpone any uncomfortable questions
\> Don't spoil their futures lightly

Ryouko considers. *Right. Secrets. Because they're in danger. All of them.*

She considers that, and breathes deeply, closing her eyes, and pressing her hands together. *Okay, Clarisse. Let's see if I can pull this off.*

"What I am about to tell you are not just secrets. They are secrets within secrets. And it's a really big deal. Even just with what you've figured out already, it could get you… disappeared. Or worse."

"D-disappeared?" stutters Sayaka.

Ryouko nods, gravely. "I've only heard stories, but… well, you've been nice to me, and… I don't want anything to happen to you guys, okay? Please." She looks at them with wide eyes. If this were an act, you'd have told her to stop hamming it up, but it's not. She's actually worried.

"… I see," says Wakaba, subdued.

"Being a magical girl isn't what you think it's like. You're fighting for the rest of your life, there's no turning back, and, well… you could die. And your friends die."

Homura nervously speaks up. "It's… it's true … " She kicks at the ground, nervously.

Ryouko extends her arm in front of her, palm facing up, and summons her soul gem from its ring to hover there, bathing the rooftop in a pulse of green light, then fading to its usual glow. The girls gather around.

"Wooooaaaah," whispers Wakaba.

"It's really pretty," says Madoka.

Even Homura seems impressed.

"This is a soul gem. It is magic. Some people believe that it's the source of a magical girl's magic. Am I right, miss Akemi?"

Homura nodnodnods. "Yes! It's a magical girl's —"

"No," interrupts Ryouko. "This is actually a common misconception."

"It — wait, it's *not* the source of her magic?" asks Homura, confused.

"It is far more than that. It is her *soul*. This, right here, is the real me." Ryouko considers this notion, which has seldom been at the front of her mind for very long, even whilst being transplanted to a new body. "Believe it or not, I'm actually really short."

Nanami stifles a small laugh.

Homura's eyes are wide. "You mean… you mean I'm…"

Ryouko nods, seriously. "You too, miss Akemi. Except you're purple."

Homura swallows, cringing, and she looks very uncomfortable.

"So when I swear you to secrecy, I want to make sure you take it very seriously, because... I've lost friends before, and I don't want to lose more." She turns to Nanami. "Nakamura Nanami. In sharing this secret, your life and mine are now intertwined. Will you give me your hand?"

Nanami almost says something, but gets a deer-in-the-headlamps look, and complies without a word.

"This is my life. I am placing it in your hands. Will you swear on my soul to keep my secret?"

She gently places herself in Nanami's waiting hands. Nanami is trembling slightly, but she summons her courage and gravitas.

"… I so solemnly swear."

Ryouko smiles, and the gem glows a little brighter. "Thank you for being my friend, Nanami-chan."

***

*Oh goddess,* thinks Ryouko,\* I actually get to be super cool.

You read this in a story\*, you remark. \*You plagiarist!!

Hush, you,\* she remarks. *It's not plagiarism, it's a … loving homage.*

To be fair, the original didn't include the truth about souls at all…

\*Okay, okay. It's a little impressive. You're full of surprises, girl.

I thought you knew me!\* teases Ryouko. \*I was always super into this stuff.

You were always super cool, too. Just letting you know, *you remind her*.

Oh, goddess, don't remind me\*.

*I didn't even mean it that way,* you reply, then consider. *But in that case ... does this little group's esteem mean more to you, personally, than being hailed as the savior of humanity?*

She doesn't have an answer to that. Perhaps she surprises even herself.

You elect not to press the issue. *Either way, please, never do this again. I don't like it when you're exposed.* Also, you leave unsaid, it's a little disorienting for you to be separated from best girl by actual *space*.

\*I'm still armored. Worst case is they try to throw me off a building, and we're not high enough for that to be a problem.

You know it's not normal for a magical girl to do this, either. At alllllll.

Clarisse, are you calling me weird?

Always — but seriously, though. Don't tell Asami. She'll be jealous.\* Ryouko never thinks of that. It's a bad habit.

*It'll be fine,* she insists.

\*No seriously, \*you point out, \*there's a whole section in Kyouko's book about couples and soul gems and it's really quite —

Oh goddess, Clarisse! Shush!\*

***

You read the reactions of the girls as they pass Ryouko around and swear promises — the awed Nanami, the excited Wakaba, Madoka's gentle wonder. Sayaka seems eager but nervous, Yuuka gives a look of serious determination. Then Hitomi takes it last, and hesitates.

"Wait," says Hitomi, closing her eyes and breathing in deeply. "I'm sorry, I'm just a little dizzy."

"Are you okay?" asks Ryouko.

She nods, eyes still closed.

"I solemnly swear to keep your secret and to be your friend, Ryouko-chan." She smiles, and opens her eyes, and you see the beginnings of tears.

Hitomi returns your girl to her outstretched hands.

\*And Akemi Homura?

Oh goddess. \*She'd forgotten.

*If you're going to start these sort of things, you really can't be forgetting people…*

She extends her hand to Homura. "Miss Akemi. You and I are already bound by a shared destiny, whether friends or not…"

"I'll be your friend, Miss Shizuki," she interrupts, earnestly, tears in her eyes. "I — thank you!"

"… Oh, come here then," Ryouko says, and gives the girl a quick hug.

\*Wow, I really turned up the High Drama there, didn't I.

Just a little bit.\*

She lets go of Homura. "… Okay, now, if we go on like this, we won't have any time to eat."

"... Worth it," says Wakaba.

"I brought you a bento!" says Yuuka, excitedly.

The spell gradually breaks on the other girls. "We can all share," says Hitomi. "I brought two extra lunches from the cafeteria in case we don't quite have enough."

***

The school's cafeteria food is primarily made of real rice and real chicken, which in theory could be a bit of a luxury by Ryouko's standards, but it's surprisingly below average. Not unpalatable, but, a synthesizer could do just as well on the rice and better on the chicken. The vegetables on the side are solid, though, and the food from your new friends' bento boxes is nicer, and apparently they are all arranged specifically to be *cute*.

\*"\*So I don't think I can explain everything," says Ryouko, "because there are secrets which aren't really mine to share. That's another thing about being a magical girl. Too many secrets."

"Gee," says Sayaka. "It sounds kinda rough."

"And there's some things I don't know either, like, why exactly I'm here, but, I'll tell you what I can, and if you can help me, we can figure it out together. Just not all at once, okay? It'd be a little much."

Sayaka nods. "Okay. You can count on us, Ryouko."

\*"\*Try this, Ryouko-chan!" says Yuuka, inserting a tasty little rolled omelette into her mouth with chopsticks. She munches a moment.

Your girl has a blind spot towards *flirtation* that you could fly a battleship through.

A few munches later, Ryouko begins her explanations. "So as much as I hate to steal Homura-chan's spotlight, I'm a magical girl, from the future."

"I knew it!" says Wakaba. "*It even explains the hair.*"

"How far in the future?" asks Sayaka.

"… I'm not sure it's wise to say," she says, and eats a bite of rice. "What I will say is… well, you were technically correct, Nanami …"

"The best kind of correct," she opines.

Ryouko nods. "I'm a clone."

"… What." declares Nanami.

"My original body was obliterated by a laser, but they cloned me a new one, and I'm still alive because my soul is right here in a gem."

"… Holy fuck," declares Nanami.

"But it's not what you were thinking and I'm definitely not a clone of Hitomi."

Sayaka cringes. "Really? A laser?"

"… Oh. Oh gosh," says Wakaba. "Oh, no. I know what this is."

"Hmm?" Hitomi makes a sound.

"You're from Crystal Tokyo," explains Wakaba; "you've come back in time to help save the future from a terrible fate, and, and … you're Chibiusa."

Oh, no. You recognize that reference. It is *ancient*, some of the oldest that there is. Which would means that right now, it's *recent.*

"Wait," says Nanami, "does that mean…"

"Oh my gosh, Hitomi's your mom," declares Yuuka.

Hitomi turns red.

"Yuuka…" says Sayaka. "Geez…"

Ryouko is blushing herself. "She's not my mother!"

"Your grandmother?!?" exclaims Yuuka, eyes going wide. "G-great grandmother?"

"… I don't know! It's — It's been over four hundred years! For all I know \*everyone here is a great-great-something-grandmother. \*Or … at least some sort of aunt."

Well, that's one way to explain.

"Holy shit," mutters Nanami.

"And here I was, shipping you with Yuuka…" mutters Wakaba.

"… What?" objects Yuuka. "Wakaba, you — Stop it! You're scandalizing our great-great-grandbaby!!!" She gives Ryouko a hug.

"Everyone…" says Sayaka, wide-eyed. "But especially Hitomi, right? You even have the same family name."

"Hitomi…" says Madoka, scooting closer, "are you okay?"

Hitomi's looking down at the ground and scrupulously avoiding eye contact. She squeezes Madoka's hand.

Madoka stands up. "Okay, you guys are all being mean. Stop it."

"Oh, geez, I'm — I'm sorry, Hitomi," says Sayaka, "I'm just got … carried away … I shouldn't have ..."

"It's okay, Sayaka," says Hitomi, quietly.

"No, I'm sorry, I'm the one who got carried away!" says Wakaba.

Ryouko mutters. "Like I said, not all my secrets are really mine to share. They're other people's, too."

"… Well, I suppose it's only obvious," says Hitomi, recovering her composure. "It's a little weird to think about, though."

"Yes," agrees Ryouko.

"I wonder who's the —" begins Yuuka.

"Yuuka!" interrupts Madoka. "Please."

"Wha— oh! I'm sorry!!" she apologizes.

Ryouko quietly eats a bit of rice to distract herself.

"… so Ryouko-chan," asks Hitomi, "if you're from the future, do you … did you just get here? Are you all alone?"

She ponders how to answer that. "I have … well, it's complicated. Actually … you can almost think of her as a magical friend. She's a lot like that. She's been helping me make sense of things today."

Homura's eyes go wide. "Really? Can we meet her??"

"… it's complicated," apologizes Ryouko.

\*Shall I dial in? \*you enquire.

*If you'd like to.*

***

"Hello everybody," you say over Nanami's speakerphone, as the girls gather around. "I'm Clarisse. I guess I'm a little like a magical friend, but all the magic is really Ryouko. I watch out for Ryouko and try to help keep her safe."

"Hi Clarisse!" says Yuuka.

"… Sailor Pluto," says Wakaba, eyed wide.

"… No, I'm afraid I don't guard the door of space-time. I just watch out for Ryouko."

"Is she the only one who can see you?" asks Homura.

You hesitate.

You are okay with who and what you are. Proud of it, even. Willing to see your story featured in a major motion picture. And yet… These girls would not understand. It's a different culture, they don't have any implants at all, they don't have artificial intelligences at all. It might shock them. It might gross them out. You did not prepare yourself for this.

"No, but… It's complicated. We'll explain later," you say.

"But you can see us all right now?" asks Wakaba.

"Yes, I can."

"Clarisse-chan?" asks Hitomi.

"Yes?"

"You two don't have any other friends here in 2011, do you? Do you guys have a place to stay, and money for food?"

"… No, not really," you reply.

She nods, gravely. "I want to let you both know that you two can stay at my place, if you'd like. We have a spare bedroom."

You consider a moment. Her family would notice.

"… I don't know, I'm not really sure that's a good idea," you reply.

Ryouko likewise shakes her head No.

"Oh. Okay," she says, quietly.

Nanami looks uncomfortable.

"Nanami, is something wrong?" you enquire, over the speakerphone.

She takes a deep breath.

"Okay, listen, Clarisse, Ryouko, I'm going to explain in detail, just this once, because you're new here. Hitomi is a goddamn princess, Ojou-sama incarnate. You see that over there?" She points off to a building in the distance — by no means the tallest on the skyline, but definitely noticeable. "That's Shizuki Tower. Headquarters of the bank, of the same name. The theatre and concert hall downtown sit on the Shizuki Performing Arts Plaza. We could all go over to Hitomi's for a sleepover and there would be rooms left over to spare. The girl could probably take a helicopter to school every day if she really wanted. But does she? No. She does her best to keep it quiet. She walks to school like the rest of us, and she gets really self-conscious if you say too much. She just tries to be normal, and when she has fancy stuff, she always shares. Listen. One time her papa was off traveling in Paris, and there was an airline strike, and he missed getting home on her birthday. So he brought her back chocolates, a box of truffles, and she brought them in and shared them with us, said she just didn't want to eat them all by herself. And they were the best damned chocolates you ever tasted. And then Wakaba looked them up online afterwards and found out they were something like €20 each. "

"… Nanami!" says Hitomi, blushing furiously once more. "… they were really that much?"

Sayaka's eyes go wide. "… I ate sixty euros of chocolate in one sitting? That's like — almost ten thousand yen!"

"You had *three* of them?!?" exclaims Wakaba.

"M — Madoka gave me one of hers!"

"In summary," concludes Nanami, "Hitomi-chan is a gentle soul and a precious, precious friend, and if she offers to share something precious with you, it's her way of — well, it's more than just that; simply saying *yes* could be the biggest thing you can do for her as a friend, okay?" Her voice quivers a little at the end there; her cool demeanor from this morning has melted.

"Nanami," says Hitomi, gently, "I think they're just worried about meeting my family, and having to explain things to them, and protecting her secrets. So it's all right. I just want to let you know, though, that if I became a magical girl, and there were was just one person in the whole wide world who I'd trust to believe in it, someone I could explain it all to, and would definitely, definitely keep a secret… well, if I could tell more than one person, I'd start with Madoka, but if it was just one person, it would be Papa. And if you and I are really family, then he's family too. He'd understand. He might even be able to help. But … I'd understand it if you say No."

"You — you can stay at my place," offers Homura, "if you need to; there's — there's no one else there. But… it's really small and empty."

*… Do you think it would really be okay for us to stay with Hitomi?* asks Ryouko.

***

\*\*> advise Ryouko
\*\*
\[ ] Stay homeless for now.
\[ ] Stay with Homura.
\[ ] Stay with family.

You are reaching a midpoint in the lunch, and have most of your business so far out of the way. Maybe there things you'd like to ask about?

\[ ] (write in write in write in)
~~\[ ] Ask Homura about her wish, and what happened.~~
\[ ] Ask Homura about her story but not her wish
\[ ] Ask about being a student and homework
\[ ] Ask about the present and information networks
\[ ] Tell them all the story of how you got here, and ask them what they think.
