# Our teacher is kinda insane

You relay your tentative affirmations to your girl. *We really can't stay homeless here forever, even if sleep isn't an issue.*

"Well," says Ryouko, "if it really won't be a bother, Hitomi, I'd really like to. I'm just a worried … I mean, it'd be a really big deal to for your papa to know, even more so than all of you. I don't want to put him in danger."

Hitomi nods. "I understand. We'll figure it out as we go along, then, okay?"

Ryouko nods back. "Okay."

"Homura," you say over the phone, "in the event that something goes wrong, can we have your cell phone number too?"

"Umm…" says Homura. "I'm so sorry! I don't actually have a cell phone."

"Oh. That's all right, then," you say. "Would you be willing to share your address, in case we need to find you?"

"Okay, I *do* have one of those," she says, a little proudly, and gets a piece of paper to write it down for you. Judging from before, it's probably easiest just to let her do that.

"We'll need to figure out a cell phone of our own, sooner or later, as well," says Clarisse. "And how to access the planetary data networks. That's very important."

"Planetary data… You mean like the Internet?" confirms Wakaba.

"Oh, I guess they call it that already," you say. You hadn't been sure.

"Well, first thing, you kinda need a computer."

"Okay. Suppose we have a computer," says Clarisse, "what then?"

"Well, you need to find someone with a home internet connection, or a place like a school or a library, and you connect. You, um, run a web browser."

"Is this home connection via some sort of fiber optic coupling?" you inquire.

"Fiber… Well, not really, like, there's a little cable you plug in the back of the computer, and into the wall, or into a router, and *that's* hooked up to the cable modem or the fiber."

"Oh. Is there a wireless option?"

"Yeah! Some people get data with their phones, but that's not very useful unless you have a fancy phone, and it's still hard to use, so for something like the computers themselves there's…" She ponders. "Well, it's called wi-fi, it's a different kind of wireless than the phone, like, it doesn't go very far. A couple of rooms."

Right, that's a little counterintuitive. Oh, but these people don't really have meaningful beam steering, so short range connections would essentially be a crude spatial multiplexing — like lighting a lamp and placing it under a bushel basket, just so that you only have one lamp to deal with at a time. If you program a few antennas focus exclusively on the frequencies that are most readily absorbed by the atmosphere…

"I see," you say. "You said short-range — is this what's running on the 2.4Ghz band? And … I guess maybe 4.9Ghz, as well?" It's clearly the same protocol on both, and the atmosphere is pretty opaque to both, but It's a little odd to see them use the frequencies like that; with 2011 antenna and circuit tech you're betting they'd probably need to have separate hardware to access each band, which you'd think would strongly discourage it. *But then again, that would require coordination and planning, which are in even shorter supply. Maybe that's why the upper band is much quieter…*

"Uhm," says Wakaba, "I don't really know. You could look it up online, I guess?"

"Hmm. That's a little bit of a chicken and egg problem, though."

"Oh! Oh! I get it! You want to access the Internet directly, like, without a computer?!"

"That's more or less how I'm calling you right now," you explain, "except I can only do voice and text."

"That's so weird!" says Wakaba. "In a cool way, though. Yeah, but, that's about all I really know."

You study the traffic a few seconds.

"… hmm," you say, "so is it a *carrier sense multiple access* protocol? I guess that makes some sen — oh! oh oh! Ryouko, I think this one does orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing! Oh! And be still, my heart! Is that MIMO? It's like ... baby MIMO. That's adorable!" You gush.

"Yeah, it's… uh, pretty new," says Nanami.

Ryouko makes a face. "Clarisse usually doesn't get this excited about protocols."

"That's because usually they just *work*," you explain. "It's been somewhat frustrating without them."

"I'm sorry…" says Ryouko.

"It's okay, it's not your fault! Anyway, I'm going to spend a little while figuring this out," you say. "You guys can make small talk without me. What's school like in the early twenty-first century, anyway?"

"Ugh, it's *school.* It's … boring and mandatory," says Nanami.

"Surely that's a universal constant," you remark.

"What do you study in the future?" asks Wakaba.

Ryouko recollected. "Well, I never really settled on a concentration; I couldn't figure out something I liked enough to commit. I just wanted to be a magical girl, and, well, I guess I got really lucky, because not just everyone has that sort of potential. They covered a lot of things in Mandatory Session, though. I think my last class was in… light railgun construction?" That sounded about right.

"What." declared Nanami.

"What's a railgun?" asks Sayaka.

"You shoot a piece of metal with electric fields," says Ryouko, "but it's a lot of energy so it's hard to keep the whole thing from flying apart or melting. They're for planetary defense."

"Oh god," says Nanami.

"Wait," says Wakaba. "What you said before that. Do you mean to imply magical girls not have to go to school?"

"Okay, *that's* unfair," says Yuuka.

"And how do you even aspire to be a magical girl if magical girls are a secret?" asks Wakaba?

"… Okay, they broke the Masquerade a few decades ago at the start of the war, and everybody found out at once, but it was still a *really big deal!*" says Ryouko.

"A few — there's a war??" asks Homura.

"*Fuck*," says Nanami.

Ryouko sighs. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have —"

You interrupt. "It's fine, but we probably shouldn't go into detail."

"Right," says Ryouko, changing the subject, "what classes are you taking?"

"Uhh," says Wakaba. "There's a bunch. Math. English. Science. History. Health. Gym. Japanese. Civics. Home Ec. There's a bunch of clubs, too."

"I keep trying to get people to start a nap club," says Yuuka, "but nobody else wants to."

"Nap club's too advanced," remarks Nanami dryly. "That's high school level stuff."

"You could always study up at cram school," suggests Sayaka.

"Wait, what?" asks Madoka. "On naps?"

"A girl's got to have her priorities together," says Sayaka.

"Speaking of studying up at cram school," Nanami takes the opportunity to vent, "Discrete Mathematics is the bane of my existence right now. We have to go in and prove a bunch of stupid facts about prime numbers and the like. It's just… ugh. Actually, it's a lot like the trigonometry proofs. You have all these fiddly little patterns that you're supposed to apply, which is *fine*, except they never actually fit until you've contorted things with a completely arbitrary and meaningless transformation, and no one can tell you how to figure out to pick *that* one. You've just got to 'develop a feel.'" She shudders. "I think I just hate proofs."

"Well," says Hitomi, "if we're going around talking about difficult things, I actually find piano much harder than academics. The other subjects can be tough, but if you just work at it long enough, you'll figure it out. Piano has different parts to the music moving at the same time and that's just hard to keep in your head no matter what you do."

"You're good at piano, though," says Sayaka.

She shakes her head. "I can manage it okay, but I'm not very advanced."

"English is the hard one," says Madoka.

Sayaka sighs. "I know, right? And our teacher is kinda insane."

"Oh, yeah," adds Wakaba. "She's always making up these grammar examples in the middle of class and they're all just so transparently about everything going on in her life and her relationships."

Nanami nods. "This morning was … probably the worst. I'm pretty sure she just got engaged."

"*He invites me out to dinner*," says Sayaka, switching to English, with a didactic rhythm and a quotative tone. "\*I am invited by him. The meal is cooked by the chef. \*Then before you know it, \*a ring is placed on my finger. \*Passive voice, am I right?"

"It's not that bad," says Hitomi. "I think it makes her examples much easier to remember."

"I think it's a pretty ring," says Yuuka.

"The price of these memorable examples," says Wakaba, "is the curse of regularly contemplating exactly what your teacher was doing the night *before* making breakfast for her boyfriend. It's an integral part of every assignment."

Hitomi maintains a very composed expression, but her surprise is betrayed by her rapid blinking.

"I'm worried," says Madoka. "It's really sudden. They've only been together for three months."

"Do people use English in the future?" asks Sayaka.

"Umm," says Ryouko, "there's a language called Standard, which is sorta based off of it…"

"Is it hard?"

Ryouko ponders what to say a moment, and begins, tentatively. "Well, actually…"

"Oh for fuck's sake," says Nanami, "you just have it installed in your brain or something, don't you. I \*hate \*you. Okay, I mean, not really, but, still."

"It — it's still not — you still have to work at it! I keep trying to add honorifics where they don't belong!"

"I wanna live in the future," says Yuuka.

"Oh gosh," says Wakaba. "Hold on, forget *language*, guys, think about the *big* picture. Ryouko — Has future society conquered *aging and death?*"

Ryouko closes her eyes, breathes in, and nods quietly. "Actually — well, about that —"

"Oh fuck off…" mutters Nanami quietly.

Yuuka blinks. "Wait, are you actually like 80 years old?"

You can tell where your girl going with her line of inquiry. *Maybe another time?* you suggest to Ryouko.

*No. Now*, she insists.

"I'm actually fifteen. and, yes, Earth years. It's just … I saw something earlier today, and it … I wasn't prepared for it."

"Are you all right?" asks Madoka.

Ryouko swallows.

"Well… I was walking, through the park, in the residential sector, and … I met a person there, and she … she invited me in for cookies …"

"*Oh no* you meet the witch lady. It's a trap. Please tell me you didn't go in," says Sayaka. "Whatever she tells you those cookies are *not* fresh."

Ryouko is momentarily speechless.

"Ryouko-chan?" enquires Hitomi.

"… so, you know about her, then?" she asks.

"Yeah, you kinda have to sneak past her house sometimes," explains Sayaka.

"Sayaka!" Madoka elbows her friend. "You should at least be nice and say Hi! And — and don't call her a witch lady. It's mean."

"Fine. Mrs. Akiyuki, then."

Ryouko breathes deeply for a few moments. "If you know … why doesn't anyone do anything?"

Sayaka starts to open her mouth, then pauses to collect her thoughts for a few seconds before starting. "Okay, like, hardcore deadly serious gossip time here. I think what happened is that her son committed suicide, and her daughter-in-law moved to Tokyo and won't have anything to do with her anymore, so she doesn't have anyone to really take care of her. My dad says she probably belongs in a *home* or something but she doesn't want to go. That's all I know."

"Wait, really?" asked Madoka. "I didn't ... That's really sad."

"I mean, I may have misremembered," said Sayaka, "it was all a few years ago when we were still in elementary school, so I'm a little fuzzy on the details."

"Everyone just leaves her there?" asks Ryouko.

Sayaka sighs. "I guess it *is* kinda bad, but … you just can't help someone who doesn't *want* you to help them, either."

"So it's okay if she just sits there," asks Ryouko, quivering, "r-rotting, in her — in a pile of *putrid cat fæces?*"

"What?" asks Sayaka, processing. "I know her place was a disaster area, but, geez, that sounds like she's gotten a lot worse…"

"*Someone should do something,*" says Ryouko.

Sayaka blinks. "I'll… I'll talk to my dad about it, okay? Maybe … maybe he can call social services."

"And they'll take care of her?"

"I guess? I mean, if anybody can," says Sayaka.

"What will they do?" asks Ryouko.

"I guess they'd find her another place to live, where there are people who can help take care of her."

Ryouko processes the idea. "If you could… if you would be so kind as to do that," she says, quietly, "it'd mean a lot to me."

Sayaka nods. "You got it."

"Thank you," says Ryouko, quietly.

Yuuka reaches over to give her a hug. "Don't worry. It'll be okay."

***

Ryouko says her farewells, arranging a meeting time with Hitomi (after her dance class) and a chance to talk further with Homura (immediately after school). Yuuka gives a *big* goodbye hug, and the crowd makes their way back downstairs to class.

*Well*, you say to Ryouko, \*I suppose you might have done something.

Maybe. It's a start,\* she replies.

*It's an okay start. You're fifteen and in an unfamiliar place.*

The girl sighs, idly grabbing hold of the fence, and looks out over Mitakihara, trying to process it all.

Suddenly, something catches her attention.

"… Mami-san?" she says, turning her head.

Huh. *Why didn't we notice her earli—*

Ryouko lurches, and dives behind a concrete pillar between two sections of fence, as a musket ball flies through the space where her head used to be.

*Oh, goddess, *you realize,* because she was masking her gem output to sneak up on us.*

"Wait!" cries Ryouko. "uh, Tomoe-senpai! Don't shoot, please, I'm friendly, I promise!"

"I don't know who you are," says Mami, seething, from another part of the roof, "and I'm really not sure what you think you're doing on my roof. But if your little crew of psychopathic loser-freaks really thinks I'm just going to start playing along with your freakish games after this morning, you've got another thing coming."

**> COMBAT SIMULATION**

Oh dear. It appears that Mami-san is on the warpath and you're accidentally in her way.

- \[ ] Transform!

  - \[ ] While hidden. Apply soul gem decoys.
  - \[ ] Fight Mami-san!
  - \[ ] Evade, explain, and enquire
    - \[ ] Offer grief cubes as peace offering
  - \[ ] Telepath Homura with request for help

- \[ ] Attempt to explain without transforming

- \[ ] Flee the area
  - \[ ] Warn Homura

- \[ ] Offer to surrender

Due to the exigencies of combat, you should probably keep write-in votes simple.
