# I’ve had enough gaslighting for one day!

**\[11] Transform while hidden, no weapon
\[10] Evade, explain, and enquire
\[7] No fight Mami**

Ryouko transforms.

"This is all a misunderstanding, Tomoe-senpai! Akemi-san *just* contracted and she was *telling everyone in school about it.* I was just passing by, and I got caught up in it, and I'm trying to keep them quiet. I don't want to fight you! I'm sure I would lose!"

"A fine coincidence!" cries Mami. "Just passing by! Where to, if I may ask?"

"T— To see Shizuki-san," Ryouko half-fabricates. "She's a relative."

"Where from?"

"… It's complicated!" says Ryouko. "I don't really have any one place I call Home right now!"

The concrete pillar Ryouko is pressed up against implodes inward, shattered by an unannounced Tiro Finale, but Ryouko is gone in a blink to a better position nearby. She catches a glimpse of Mami before she ducks behind an air conditioning unit.

\[2] Check Mami's soul gem for corruption

*Oh, goddess, that's not good,* Ryouko observes. It's really, really dark; she's at maybe 25%, tops. Hard to tell at this distance with just a glance.

"Mami-san!" cries Ryouko —

*You're being inconsistent with her name and honorific,* you interrupt her. *It's probably not helping.*

"Er, Tomoe-senpai!" she corrects herself. "Your soul gem is too corrupted! Please! I have grief cubes, we can share!"

Mami answers by summoning a dozen muskets directly over Ryouko's head, and Ryouko teleports to shift position once more, to a decorative cupola nearby. A cackling, unpleasant laughter rings out.

"I've had enough gaslighting for one day!" declares Mami. "I'm through with these mocking lies!"

"Oh goddess, you were fighting Oriko's group, weren't you? The girl with a bucket for a hat? I'm not with Oriko! Or any of them!"

Ryouko blinks back to the main part of the roof, by the stairwell, in a corner with much better cover than the fence; as she does so, Mami's latest attack obliterates the cupola and part of the roof below it, sending a mass of pulverized debris tumbling down the roof down to the ground. Below, in the school, you hear the faint sounds of surprised screams.

"What are you doing?!" screams Ryouko. "People could get hurt! The school! I have friends here now!"

"Save your friends, then, if you really care so much!" cries Mami.

\*This is really bad, \*observes Ryouko.

*I think this is the part where Kyouko was supposed to stop her*, you note, \*but she's nowhere around.

Well\*, notes Ryouko, \*at least if she blows out this part of the roof, no one should be hurt by the debris \*—

Suddenly, the door to the roof bursts open. Homura and Wakaba are there.

"Ryouko!" shouts Homura, "w— what's going on?"

"Wakaba!" cries Ryouko. "What are you doing?! It's dangerous!"

Wakaba covers her mouth in shock, staring at the debris strewn across the rooftop.

**> help Ryouko choose wisely**

Ryouko feels her new friends are threatened. She will want to know: what's the best way to protect them?
\[ ] Send Wakaba back downstairs with Homura's timestop. Face Mami with Homura.
\[ ] Send Wakaba back downstairs with Homura's timestop. Face Mami alone.
\[ ] Teleport Homura and Wakaba away from school, and return to face Mami.
\[ ] Teleport Homura and Wakaba away from school, and run away.
\[ ] Teleport only Wakaba away from school, and return to face Mami.
\[ ] Surrender to protect your new friends.

Assuming we don't flee, how ought Ryouko face Mami?
\[ ] No fight! Just keep using words to reach out to her.

\[ ] (write in topics)​

\[ ] Teleport her up into the sky to get her to listen.
\[ ] Steal her soul gem, and cleanse it.
\[ ] Lead her on a wild goose chase across the city, as she wears herself down to oblivion.
\[ ] Protecting new friends comes first, even if Mami is hurt.
\[ ] Full bloodlust mode. Mami must die.
(Some of these plans reappear from a previous vote.)

Keep in mind that [Ryouko has shown a disturbing tendency toward over‐aggression](http://archiveofourown.org/works/777002/chapters/1462024) in attack‐and‐destroy situations, including a relative disregard for her personal safety. Further, she has shown an excessive unwillingness to sacrifice assets when necessary, preferring to commit herself and others to unsafe rescue attempts, and this tendency is most pronounced in tactical contexts. Also, mind that Ryouko's teleportation powers are no longer a surprise at this point. At least Homura should be able to fend for herself! She's got a bow, and those purply-white wings! Right?
