# She's in my tea ceremony classes

what the heck, no one's really voting against each other at this point, and it'll clarify things and we'll ask better questions.

**\[11] Take deep breaths**

"Right! Deep breaths." You breathe in and out. You close your eyes for a moment, too. How about that. All the stuff you know to tell your girl to do. "Right. Sorry. I'm... not used to doing this sort of a thing for myself. Especially not from that sort of a panic state. It's one thing to know it, it's another to actually ... apply it," you say.

Ryouko squeezes your hand. It helps too. Humans are mammals, you recall, they respond to various inputs with the release of neurotransmitters that affect their brain functioning. Does that make you a human? Part human? You were already part-human in a way...

That's not important right now. What's important is

\[5] Hugs.
You target Ryouko for a hug. You're not quite entirely sure about leaving the bed yet.
*Oxytocin release causes a decrease in heart rate and a drop in the stress hormones cortisol and norepinephrine,* you point out to Ryouko internally, half for your own benefit.
*... It's okay, Clarisse,* thinks Ryouko, hugging you back.

\[10] Check Ribbon
\[9] Check soul gem(s)

The ribbon is nowhere to be found.
Ryouko's soul gem is a ring on her finger. It's hard to get exquisitely detailed diagnostics, but it appears to be fine. There are no other soul gems.

\[8] Check your new body for implants
You close your eyes and think. No, those are Ryouko's diagnostics. You try a different think.
Yep. You appear to be a denizen of the future, although you lack any spinal-node computer.

Oh, huh. You appear to have cellular service. Ryouko also has cellular service, with a different number. Also ... wifi? Pre-shared encryption key, that's no good, service set identifier 'Shizuki' and password 'YH101986'. Clearly this is someone's idea of magic.

****\[9] Ask Hitomi what happened.****
"Hitomi," you enquire, "what — We missed Tuesday. What *happened?"*

Hitomi breathes deeply.

"There were a lot of loud noises up on the roof of the school. Homura went up to check on you and Wakaba followed. Then Wakaba was suddenly back downstairs with us, saying that you were fighting and not to go up there. Then Homura came back down, looking very shaken, and went out the door, and Sayaka ran after her. Then they evacuated the school, for safety, and then Yuuka ... " She swallows. "Yuuka and N-Nanami found your b-body in a field, and ... the police came, and they cancelled all the classes and sent everyone home..."

"What happened to Sayaka?" asks Ryouko.

"I don't know! Nobody's seen her since! We all went out looking—"

"There should have been a ribbon," you ask, "what... what happened to it?"

"Nanami gave it to Yuuka... Is it important?"

"It could be very important! I'm not sure! But... it's probably safe, then." You ponder the implications.

"What happened next?" asks Ryouko.

"We couldn't find Sayaka, and school was cancelled, so we all got together here. Madoka thinks she saw Homura and she said she looked really stressed out, but she wasn't sure. Then — the other girls said that a little white animal showed up, and was explaining things, and asking questions, but I couldn't see it, so Wakaba was repeating what it said, something about Homura being an irregularity. It was a little hard to follow."

Ryouko nods.

"So what happened to you?!" asks Hitomi. "How are you here??"

You try to explain. "There's a girl named Tomoe Mami; one of the other girls told us she's an upperclassman. She's a magical girl too, and a very strong one, legendary in the future. But I think she got in a fight with another magical girl in the morning. My best guess is that it was a girl named Oriko, from the south side of the town; Oriko is more notorious than legendary. After they fought, Mami must have believed we were invading, which is understandable, since two strange magical girls showed up at her school. She was in very bad shape, dangerously low on magic. Being that low on magic can kill you. This seemed like a very very bad thing since she's such a big deal in the future so we thought of a plan to get her to stop, and try to help her, but Homura clearly didn't trust us, and snuck up on us and attacked. She didn't really hurt us, but the plan went sideways fast. Homura must have known Mami in her timeline, and trusted her more than she trusted us. The rest of it ... well, I'm still piecing together. There are holes in our memory, which is not a good sign. But... when you make a contract to become a magical girl, you get a wish. It's probably what brought us back, and made me into ... lilac Ryouko."

*Could you imagine the confusion if you were green?* asks Ryouko.

Hitomi considers all that for a moment, and comes up with a question you didn't expect. "Is the girl named Mikuni Oriko?"

"You know her?!?" asks Ryouko.

"She's in my tea ceremony classes. I think her father is a politician."

"Well, that's going to be awkward..." comments Ryouko.

"Hitomi," you ask, "did anyone say anything about becoming a magical girl right then and there? Or about a wish?"

"No," she replies. "That didn't come up at all..."

"And you say that you were the only one in the group that couldn't see the creature?"

She shakes her head no. "Madoka couldn't see him either. We just sort of sat together off to the side. She'd been out all night looking for Sayaka anyway; I think she fell asleep."

Ryouko's mouth hangs open.

You breathe deeply. Hey, how about that? It works.

"What?" asks Hitomi.

"Hitomi," you ask. "Just to make it abundantly clear that we heard you right. Did you say that Kaname Madoka, the short girl, with the pink hair, could *not* see the Incubator?"

"Incubator?" asks Hitomi. "They said his name was Kyuubey."

"That's the one," Ryouko affirms.

"No," says Hitomi. "She said she couldn't see him. The others all could, though."

"Oh," you say, simply.

"goddess..." mumbles Ryouko.

"Do you think Sayaka is okay too?" asks Hitomi, worried.

**> gather more information**

\[ ] Start calling people
\[ ] Investigate your room
\[ ] Enquire downstairs with Hitomi's mama
\[ ] Explain the ribbon and the Goddess to Hitomi
\[ ] Raid the Shizuki liquor cabinet for Johnnie Walker Blue Label.
