# do you have a crush on Hitomi?

\[6] Check if Ryouko's gem has a soul gem cover
\[6] Check Ryouko's pockets (and the room) for her grief cubes

*Ryouko*, you ask. *Soul gem covers. Do you have one?*

She checks, fingering her ring to see if it's still okay. \*It's still there.

We must have gotten drained. Grief cubes?\*

No pockets in the nightgown. No grief cubes in sight.

**\[6] Consult with Hitomi**

"So you don't have any idea how we got here, do you?" you ask Hitomi.

Hitomi looks at you funny. "… no? Clarisse, I … I thought you two were *dead*."

"But why here? Why your house? Is there anything special about this room that you can think of?" you enquire.

"It's just a spare bedroom," she says, "Or it was. I mostly just use it when I have friends over. It didn't have a bunk bed, it had a sofa."

"When you have friends over — Like yesterday?"

She nods yes.

**\[7] Call up friends**

(Wakaba/Yuuka/Nanami/Madoka)

*Figure out something with Hitomi about her parents*, you tell her\*. I'll be calling Wakaba\*.

She nods, and begins to discuss the matter. "Your mother seems to know the three of us are up here. Do you think we'll need to explain things to your father?"

"Well… Papa's in America right now," she begins…

You close your eyes to concentrate. In principle, the visual input is a distraction you can easily manage. For the moment, though, the fact that it *exists* is the distraction.

It takes a few seconds for the dialing sequence to engage.

"what is it, i'm sleepy…" says Wakaba over the phone.

"Wakaba? It's Clarisse —"

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah," says Wakaba over the phone link. "What is this?!?"

"What's wrong? Are you all right?"

"Geez, Clarisse! I knew you could dial the phone with magic but you didn't tell me you could dial into my head!"

"… Wait, what? That should **not** be happening!" The call quality is much better than with the cell phone.

"Okay, Clarisse so are you a computer or are you magic? because I was thinking about what you said yesterday and how it could be either and now you're *telephoning my brain.*"

"… I'm a computer, mostly. It's complicated. All the magic is Ryouko, though."

"But, Ryouko's… she's…"

"Ryouko's alive," you tell her; "I'm not quite sure how, but I have some suspicions, given what sort of magic would have to be involved. It might explain this, as well." You ponder a moment, thinking of a quick and easy test. "Hey Wakaba, what time is it?"

… "It's … Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

"Did you just feel something in your head tell you what time it was?"

"Yes! Clarisse *what the hell.*"

"Did you go over to Hitomi's house and meet a small white talking animal yesterday?"

"Kyubey? Yes. He was asking questions about what had happened — we asked him if he knew anything about Ryouko and Homura but he didn't seem to know what was going on!"

"Did he ask you, or anyone else, about becoming a magical girl, or talk to you about contracts?"

"No, he didn't."

"That's strange. If you can see him, he usually offers you right away."

"… wait, really?!?"

"I wonder why he didn't this time. Maybe the group setting?" You ponder. "Hold on. I have my suspicions. I'll call you back, okay?"

"Okay…"

You hang up.

Skimming Ryouko's memories and catching up with the world around you, you see that she and Hitomi have been considering breakfast and trying to figure out clothes to wear downstairs, and are set to explore the bureaus and closets. That's good. You shift your position to get more comfortable. It's a new experience.

If someone contracted to bring the Ryouko back, Yuuka would be the more obvious candidate, but it wouldn't explain why you two would be here at Hitomi's. But if you think about it in the other direction. who might have brought you here to Hitomi's…

*Hitomi-chan is a gentle soul and a precious, precious friend*, she'd said. *Saying yes could be the biggest thing you can do for her as a friend.*

You dial Nanami.

She picks up promptly, with the same fine call quality as before, and barely a hint of surprise. "Nakamura Nanami here!"

"Nanami, \*what did you do."

"\*Hey Clarisse!!!" says a cheery Nanami. "Is Ryouko okay?"

"I don't know, Nanami, is she okay?," you enquire, evenly.

"She'd better be okay!!!" declares Nanami dramatically.

"Nanami, can you tell me, specifically and in detail, what you did last night with a small fluffy white animal named Kyubey?"

"Okay, okay, you got me!" she says. "I was just really sad, okay? Ryouko being here was going to be the most wonderful, amazing thing that had ever happened to us all, and then it was — snatched away, and everything was terrible. I just wanted all of that back."

"Nanami," you enquire bluntly, "do you have a crush on Hitomi?"

"… Where does this come from?!?" she asks defensively.

"So I'm guessing you must have made a wish to fix everything, and you were jealous of the future, but I don't think you just did this for yourself, or Ryouko or even Sayaka. The big thing to you is that you wanted *Hitomi* to be happy."

"Well you're very welcome too!" says Nanami, a defensive edge in her voice.

"Nanami, it's *fine*, it's just … I hope you're prepared to face the consequences if Hitomi doesn't like you back."

"Yeah, so tell me something I don't already know about my life," she says, quite crossly.

"Okay. Your friends are going to be confused and afraid about what happened to them because they can make phone calls with their mind now."

"… Oh," says Nanami. "Fuck."

"Also, I'm not just Ryouko's a sentient personal assistant artificial intelligence implanted on Ryouko's spine, at least not anymore, because I'm apparently a human being *also*. This is going to make my job of taking care of her a lot more complicated."

"Wait, you're a *what?*"

"See, artificial intelligences are *normal* in the future, and I'm quite proud of who I am in principle, but I wasn't sure you'd understand, which is why I hesitated to say. Anyway, Ryouko and I are at Hitomi's house, and she doesn't know why we're here, but we've apparently the two of us have our own bedroom, and her mother apparently knows about us, and she thinks it's perfectly normal. I'd just like to know whether we should expect to find that we've been legally adopted into the family, and registered for school."

"Uhh… I didn't say anything about that!"

"Did you wish, truly, in your heart of hearts, that we'd all be happily going to school together?" you further enquire.

"… Maybe?"

You sigh, internally. "Okay. We'll look around figure this out. At a minimum, we should call everyone before someone else does by accident. I've already called Wakaba. Can you call Yuuka? We'll handle calling Madoka and Sayaka."

"Call — What do I tell her?"

"I don't know, Nanami. You'll have to take responsibility and figure it out. If I can deal with having *hands* then you can deal with this."

"… Okay," she says.

"See you later."

**\[6] Investigate the Room we woke up in.**

You open your eyes, and decide it's high time to get out of bed. The other two have been checking out the wardrobes and the closet, and have located a variety of Hitomi's old dresses, a selection of shoes, and some school uniforms.

The carpet is soft against your bare feet.

"I have good news and weird news," you tell the two girls in front of you. "The good news is that Sayaka's almost certainly alive."

"Oh thank heavens," says Hitomi. "I should call her —"

"But! The rest. To begin with, Nanami's a magical girl now, and this is all her doing."

"She's what?!?" asks Hitomi.

"When you become a magical girl, and make a contract, you get to make a wish. She made a big wish to make everything the way that it *should* have been, after that meeting on the roof, which is why I'm *here,*" you point to your head, "and we're here, and Sayaka's probably safe at home. But she was jealous of the future, and that brings me to the weird news." You pause, and make a frowny face.

"What's wrong?" asks Hitomi.

"Well, your mother doesn't want us screaming," you point out. "Hitomi, are you prepared to *not scream?*"

Her eyes go wide. "What am I not screaming about."

Well, here goes. "I'm pretty sure all six of you guys have nanite implants in your body to protect you from disease and aging."

She makes a weird face. "Okay, but that's a good thing, right?" asks Hitomi.

"And you might not need to sleep at night anymore. Occasionally, for a few hours, but not every night."

"Huh…?"

"And it might take a little practice, but you should probably be able to make your hair do things like this," you say, extending a lilac tendril and waving.

Hitomi bites her lip. Her hair quivers slightly.

"And you can make cell phone calls with your mind."

"Okay, *what?!*"

You nod. "So Wakaba knows, and Nanami's calling Yuuka. Would you like to call Sayaka and Madoka yourself, or should I?"

*"With my mind?"*

"It's not that hard, you just sort of think about it," says Ryouko.

"It might help to close your eyes," you add, "if you're not used to it."

**\[6] Investigate the Room we woke up in.**

You leave Hitomi by the dresser and walk over to the desks. There are two school satchels there on the floor, one by each.

"Ryouko," you say, opening up one of them, "how would you feel about being a Mitakihara transfer student and going back to school?"

"What?!?" asks Ryouko.

"I don't know — I mean, we're not *settling down* here, are we?!?"

"Hypothetically speaking, suppose we had to."

"Well," she considers, "I — I guess … if we had to, it probably wouldn't be so bad."

"Really," you declare.

"I mean it'd be a *little* bit cool."

"*School*. Is cool."

"Well, I made friends there!" she exclaims, defensively.

"Okay," you say.

*Is this normal for her?* you think to yourself. *Or has Nanami's wish changed her? Oh goddess, what am I supposed to do if it changed her?*

You have in front of you a welcome packet for a new middle school student, "Shizuki Clarisse".

**> protect Ryouko's smile**

\[X] Finish calling the circle of friends, and call Madoka. Chase down the ribbon.
\[ ] Don school uniforms, and proceed downstairs for breakfast.
\[ ] Distract Ryouko, and destroy the welcome packets.
