# Did he actually say that he sympathized?

You stash the welcome packet. You won't *hide* it from Ryouko, but, you'll deal with it later.

"Sayaka?" asks Hitomi, to the thin air. "Oh thank goodness you're all right…"

**\[7] Finish calling the circle of friends, and call Madoka.**

You dial Madoka.

*ring ring ring. ring ring ring. ring ring ring. ring ring ring.*

"Kaname Madoka here," a girl answers, nervously.

That's funny. It's definitely *not* the high quality link from before. Definitely a contemporary phone.

"Miss Kaname? It's Clarisse. Are you okay?"

"Oh! Somehow I knew it would be you. Sorry, I couldn't find the phone. I must be really tired. I was out really late." She doesn't sound tired.

"Were you looking for Sayaka?"

"Yes!!" she affirms. "Do you have any news?"

"She's alive. Ryouko's alive, too."

There is a small squeaking noise from the other end of the phone.

"Kaname-san? Are you okay?"

"Sorry!!" she says, "I'm just so glad… Is Sayaka there? Can I talk to her?"

"She's at home with her family, but —"

"I'll go over right away!" says Madoka.

"Wait!" you interrupt. "I should tell you something first."

"… She's not … umm …"

"She's fine. If anything, you could say she's better than ever."

"Oh thank goodness!!!" she exclaims.

"Were you worried about something specifically?" you probe. If Madoka has any sort of foresight, to know you would be calling…

"… I was afraid she might've had a bad accident. But she'd be at the hospital then, wouldn't she, so that didn't make much sense."

"Oh, I see."

"See, one of our classmates had something like that happen a while ago too, but I guess you wouldn't know about it… Anyway! What were you going to tell me?"

You consider for a moment. If not foresight, then…

"Madoka, were you having trouble finding your phone because the ringing seemed to be from inside your head?"

"… yes!" She giggles. "I guess I must be pretty tired. How did you know?"

"Do you *feel* tired?"

"No, but, that probably means I'm just *extra* tired."

"Okay. So. Let me explain something about magical girls…" you begin.

***

She took the news rather well.

Ryouko is on the line with Yuuka, who seems like she may be crying on the other end. "I was really worried about you!" she says.

You quietly nudge Ryouko as she's reassuring the girl:
**\[7] Ask to have the ribbon back**
\[4] ask about any weirdness

"It's okay. Thank you for worrying about me, and I'm sorry…"

***

You check over on Hitomi. She's looking at herself in the vanity mirror, adjusting her hair. It's a little hard to read her expression.

"Are you okay?" you ask Hitomi.

She nods. "I'll be fine. Sayaka's okay, and that's the important part."

You get a text message.

\<Kaname Madoka> Thank you Clarisse! I'm going to visit Sayaka right now!

***

You'd also promised to call Wakaba back and explain. You do so. She doesn't seem to take it quite as well, but, you seem to have gotten most of the impact out of the way already.

"So Sayaka's okay then?" she asks.

"Madoka's said she's heading over to her house right now. It's … probably best that we don't all call at once and overwhelm her, okay?"

"Right, that makes sense. Hey, can you ask Hitomi if we can come over to her house like we did yesterday?"

"… You don't have school on a Wednesday?"

"Your fight kind of took off the roof, so, uh, no. Maybe tomorrow?"

Well, that's one crisis deferred, at least. Casual clothes today, then, not uniforms.

"We'll check."

***

If you're going to be a social secretary for a half dozen teenagers you need some sort of a chat group. An *encrypted* chat group, just to be sure… You make a note to figure out how to do that with the current networking technology.

Time to catch up on that conversation Ryouko is having with Yuuka…

"Well, I guess I did have a weird dream," says Yuuka. "There was a nice lady, and I was sitting on her lap, and … actually, I think I was braiding your hair!"

\*Oh goddess. Did you have that vision too, Ryouko?

Yes. You don't have any idea what it means, do you?

I don't know! The goddess hates symbolism.\*

***

"Hey, Nanami," you start. "Thanks for calling Yuuka."

"My pleasure!" she says, cheerily.

"I didn't say this to you last time, but… thank you. For bringing back Ryouko. Thanks a *lot.*"

"It's *fine*," she insists.

"No, really. You saved her life *and* mine and I just snapped at you."

"Don't even worry about it, girl," she says.

"I'm worried for you! It's kind of a big deal, and your life is never going to be the same. Did Kyubey tell you what's involved?"

"He certainly did. Oh, hey! Since they cancelled school today, maybe Ryouko and I can go out hunting together!"

"Hold on a moment. I'll put her on."

You get your girl's attention and put her on the line.

"Hi Nanami," says Ryouko. "Umm, and, thanks a lot —"

"It's nothing, it's nothing," she insists again. "Besides, I have my own reasons, after all."

"I insist," says Ryouko. "We are in your debt. Is there anything at all we can do to help?"

"Well, I don't know about all that," she says, "but if you'd like to take me out hunting witches and show me the ropes, I sure wouldn't mind!"

"Hunting … which?" asks Ryouko.

"I know Kyuubey said a lot of girls fight over grief seeds, but I'm sure we can get along."

"Oh. I think we call them something different in the future," says Ryouko.

You make a note. It may not just be a terminology thing.

"Is Kyuubey there right now?" you ask.

"He had to step out to check on something, but he said he'd be back! He wanted to talk to you and Homura, too, and figure out what was going on."

"We still need to sort out things over at Hitomi's," says Ryouko. "I'm not sure yet but we *might* technically be sisters, now, or something."

"Whaaat?!?"

"We both woke up in her guest bedroom in matching nightgowns. I'm not sure what her mother thinks."

Nanami's voice changes. "… Fuck."

"I mean I'm not *complaining*, given the alternative..." begins Ryouko.

"Yeah," says Nanami, "but I might owe Hitomi an apology. Shit."

"If you don't mind me being bold," you ask, "what *exactly* did you wish?"

"… Uhm." Nanami pauses. "Exactly?"

"I understand it's probably very personal, and ordinarily, I wouldn't dare to ask, but given the specifics of circumstances…"

Nanami sighs. "… Well… okay, sure, fine. I owe you that much. But… okay, hold on. I think I can connect directly?"

"Connect… for what?" you ask.

You receive a signal. It's a governance protocol, on a relatively quiet frequency, a long distance connection. After a quantum key exchange, a transfer starts.

A simple note is attached. It reads, "I'm sorry. — Nanami"

*Hold on,* you tell Ryouko. *It's a memory recording. I'm going to check it out—*

***

\> be Nanami

The door clicks closed behind you, and a putrid odor assaults your nostrils, some sort of smoke residue.

"Hey girl! Whatcha doin out so late? It's like, almost three!"

The boy who asks you is older, in late high school, maybe college. (The recording doesn't provide his name. He feels like a big brother, but you don't really like him.)

"Nothing," you snap.

"Well geez, what do *you* have to be upset about? You lucky fuck. You got all day off school, hell, probably all week! I mean, you *should* be out late partying."

"Leave me alone," you retort.

"You should relax, girl. Hey! Tell you what. If you want me to, I'll buy you a beer. Just hang out, like we used to. We can just chill. *Bonding*, you know?"

"I said, *leave me alone*."

"Oh, man, Nanami, you want something harder maybe? I mean, I can talk to my dealer, but it's a special occ—"

"Shut up!!!" you interrupt, "Just shut up, okay?!? I don't want to hear it from you tonight!!" You slam the door behind yourself. Lock it.

*Shut up, you bastard.*

\*"\*What \_ev\_, girl," he calls through the door.

You stand there with your back to the door, as if holding it shut would shut out all the bad in the world.

But it can't, can it?

"it's not fair…" you mumble. "it *isn't fair.*"

You step forward to the desk, pushing the chair behind you in the small space, sitting down on the floor, leaning up against your desk. It's a weird position, and not very comfortable. Maybe that's sort of the point, though. You sit there for a few minutes, biting your lip until it hurts, and then you pound your fist into the wall, until that hurts.

\*It might even be okay. It might even have been okay, if Ryouko had lived. Hitomi's future would have meant something, if it she had lived. It sounded like the future had some god damn problems, but they'd solved some pretty damn big ones too. Old age and death, mother-fuck it all. And her little girl's girl or whatever was a goddamn magical girl.

A magical girl, who was dead.\*

The tears begin to fall.

*And sooner or later, it'll be the rest of us here dead, too. We'll have each other for a while, but we'll all go our separate ways, and we'll all grow old and rot in our own filth like that poor damn cat lady. And it won't mean a damned thing, none of it.*

When you run out of tears, you hear the voice again.

*Nakamura Nanami. Forgive me, but you appear to be in distress.*

You bang your fist on the wall.

"Gee, you fucking think?!?" You sniff, to clear your nose. Stupid cat.

*It is very much to be expected, given your position.*

"It's just not fair."

The creature tilts his head. *You humans often observe this, about the universe at large.*

Well, you thought you were out of tears, but you manage to find a few more. Mostly, though, you yell.

"it's not fair It's not fair *it's not fair.* we were going to be friends. she — she let me h-hold her soul. her *soul*. we were going to be a *crew,* and *all of us* were going to have *adventures* together, and h- Hitomi was going to have them over and … and …"

You can't even say it out loud. She was going to share her *Papa* with them. It was so motherfucking touching that it hurt when she said it the *first* time, *before* things went bad. It hurt in the heart. It was probably more special than letting someone hold your soul. And nobody else there understood that, did they? They didn't have any god damn clue.

"… and then," you finally manage to say, "and then on top of that, Sayaka …"

*You had a beautiful thing, and it placed great hope in your heart. Then, all too quickly, you found that it turned to despair. Nothing was gained. Nanami — I can't often say this to humans, but I understand, and sympathize! It was all such a terrible, terrible waste.*

\*"\*yeah, well, unless you can just *fix all of that,* I don't care. Just shut up and leave me alone."

*I can't fix it. I don't have that power. But if you truly want things to be better, I ****can**** help.*

You spend a few seconds digesting that.

"How?"

*The power to change fate lies within *you*, Nanami. You need only make a contract with me, and become a magical girl!*

"… What?!?"

*Tomoe Mami has kept your city safe from witches for a long time. Without her, witches will run free. Witches, like the one who killed your friend Sayaka.*

"That … but that…" You boggle for a few seconds. That's … that's not what you wanted. It's like a happy song at a funeral. You're mourning, damn it!

"That won't bring her back," you object, angrily. "That can't fix what's already happened."

*But that's just the thing! It will! When you become a magical girl, I can grant you any wish, if it is truly what your heart desires. And you have enough potential!*

"T - then… then you bring her back! You fix… you're going to fix everything, you hear?? It's going to be *better than ever.*"

The simulation pain tolerance threshhold is exceeded, as the simulation ends.

***

\> be Clarisse

Oh goddess. That was an *intense* memory recording: personal, unfiltered, and rather disturbing. You're physically trembling — you can do that now. You're *sweating*.

\*Clarisse? \*asks Ryouko. \*Are you okay?

… I really don't know if I should share this, Ryouko.

No?\*

You breathe deeply.

\[3] Share worries with Ryouko
\- \[3] About low cubes
\- \[1] Resolve to figure out hunting plans later

*It's very intense. I'd rather not risk you needing emotional suppression, not without a supply of grief cubes. We need to figure that out, soon.*

Or… is the term supposed to be grief seeds? Are they a different thing? Damn it all.

*Okay,* affirms your girl, but she's a little weirded out. \*Summary?

Let's just say that Nanami was really, really broken up about losing friends, and wished to make everything better.

But how does that explain — \*begins Ryouko.

*All her dreams for what should have happened, I guess.*

Your girl ponders that a moment. *I guess that makes sense.*

And you were hard on here just a little while ago, too. Well…

"Nanami," you say, mustering your composure, "I'm really, really sor—"

"I already told you," she says, "forget about it. *Please*."

"… At the very least, we owe you great thanks. Please accept our gratitude."

"Damn it…" she complains, then shifts to a more gracious tone. "Okay, if you insist. You're ever so welcome.

"We'll talk to you later, okay?" says Ryouko.

"Oh yeah, you know it, grrrrrrrrl."

You breathe deeply. Calm down next, before proceeding. In, out, in, out.

There was that talk of *witches* again instead of demons. You *must* figure that out. It *shouldn't* be terminology, the standard terminology was Mitakihara terminology because of the MSY.

And you wonder, briefly, whether part of the taboo about never asking about wishes is to keep quiet about the ugliness of recruiting, Kyuubey *preying* upon the vulnerable. Did he actually say that he *sympathized?* Did he mean it? Damn that bastard.

No, wait, those are words Nanami would use.

You shake your head, as if doing so would exorcise a haunting. What were you doing, anyway?

**\[6] Follow up with Hitomi's mama downstairs**

\*"\*Right," you say. "We should get dressed, and have breakfast. It sounds like there's no school, so, dress casual," you say to Ryouko.

***

"Clarisse. I don't get it. Are there buttons somewhere?"

"… Hold on. No… it's a stupid little zipper."

"What?"

***

Hitomi goes first, while you and your girl wait upstairs, listening. You can just see the kitchen from this spot on the balcony.

"Good morning, Mama."

"Hitomi, my darling my dearest!"

There were hugs.

"Are you doing okay?"

"I'm fine, Mama," replied Hitomi.

"That's good. I'll have breakfast ready in a few minutes, okay?"

Hitomi nodded. "So, Mama… about Ryouko, and…"

"Ryouko and Clarisse can stay as long as they like, of course, and your papa and I will take good care."

Well, there's something. *So we're probably not magically Hitomi's sisters, at least*, you note to Best Girl.

Mama continues, in any event. "Family is *always* welcome here, of *course*. It's a pity that school's closed, though! Weren't they looking forward to it?"

Hitomi nods. "It can't be helped, though…"

Hitomi's mama is working as she talks, removing knives and things from the drawers and cabinets.

"Did you tell your Papa yet," she asks, "or were you going to keep them a surprise until he gets here?"

She shakes her head No. "He hasn't called yet, I haven't had a chance…"

Mama nods. "He's be flying home by now, won't he?"

"I think so, probably," says Hitomi.

Hitomi's mama pauses a moment in her breakfast preparations. "Did you get any news about Sayaka, then?"

Hitomi closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. "She's okay, Mama. Everything's going to be okay."

"Oh, honey. Oh. That's good news." She embraces her daughter.

Hitomi sheds a single tear. "Yes, Mama, it's very good news."

\> set breakfast strategy

\[ ] Generic distant-family veneer of excuses
\[ ] Full disclosure magical girl from the future

\> post-breakfast strategy

You said you'd look into whether Hitomi will welcome a get-together, and she's likely willing to host, but you will probably have broad discretion to influence the timing.

\[x] 100m test

\[ ] Meet Nanami and figure out a … witch? hunt
\- \[ ] Seek answers from Nanami, Kyubey regarding witches, grief seeds
\- \[ ] Combine with hunt for Mami
\- \[ ] Combine with hunt for Homura
\- \[ ] Combine with hunt for Oriko

\[ ] Hang out with the crew first, instead
