# Sometimes, she eats cake with her bare hands

Breakfast with Hitomi's mama!

**\[6] Generic distant-family veneer of excuses**

Your nomenclator cache appears to have a few new entries.

Mrs. Shizuki Tomoyo plays host. She's making breakfast, the traditional Japanese style: rice, miso soup, natto, kobachi, dried seaweed, fresh salmon.

Ryouko is a little uncomfortable. \*Isn't this a little … excessive?

A little,\* you reply, *but probably less so than you think.*

"Breakfast smells amazing, Mama," says Hitomi.

"Well, thank you, sweetheart," she says, putting down the knife from the vegetables. "Now, should I make you three a bento as well? Or will you be back for lunch?"

"Well, let's see," you say. "I think we were going to meet a friend from school, and she was going to show us some things around town."

Mrs. Shizuki picks back up the knife. "Oh, that's very good! Even if the first day of school is cancelled, you can get a head start on making friends. I'll give you girls a little spending money, okay?"

"If you insist," says Ryouko, a little on edge. "Thank you very much."

"But of course!" she says, gesturing with a sweep of her hands, then pointing at the two of you. "I wouldn't want to treat you girls poorly."

Ryouko is on very edge.

"Mrs. Shizuki," you interject. "Pardon me. I don't mean to be rude while you are offering us money, but, you are waving a rather large knife around as you talk, and pointing at us with it, and it is very disconcerting."

"Oh! Oh goodness, I'm so sorry," she says. "Hold on a moment, I'll put it over by the sink so I don't pick it up again by mistake."

Ryouko relaxes.

Hitomi whispers quietly. "She always does this. It's a nervous habit."

"Will Hitomi be heading out with you?" asks Hitomi's mama, placing the knife down next to the sink.

"I don't think so," you say, "but we were hoping to meet up everyone later in the day, and have a small party since Sayaka is safe."

"Oh, splendid. Just don't forget, you still have dance lessons, before your Papa comes home. Since you missed piano yesterday…"

"Yes, Mama," says Hitomi, and takes a small bite of her breakfast as her Mama returns. She stops, suddenly, with a piece of the salmon and some rice in her mouth.

"Dear?" asks her mother. "Is something wrong?"

Hitomi's eyes are closed, and you can see a few tears.

"It's… it's a very good breakfast, Mama, it's the very best breakfast I've ever tasted." She stands up, and scoots in her chair, and heads over to her mother to hug her.

"It is? Oh, goodness, dear. It's fresher fish than we usually have but surely it's not *that* special…"

"Thank you, Mama."

\*Oh, goddess, we didn't warn her.

I … feel a little pressured now,\* remarks Ryouko, looking at the food in front of her.

The first food that you ever taste yourself is very, very good food, the fish in particular, and the three of you eat every single bite.

***

\[4] 100m test

You arrange a few things for the rest of the day. Nanami says she'll be walking over with Kyubey after she manages breakfast, so now is as good a time as ever.

Hitomi stays by your side in the bedroom, as Ryouko walks up the street.

*Everything's still good,* you relay.

*Okay, and that was 150 meters?* says Ryouko.

*Yes. Let's keep trying out to a full kilometer or so.*

She strolls briskly down the street.

*Hold on*, you say, as she reaches the 500m mark. *I think I'm getting a headache.*

She stops, standing quite for a bit. That makes it a little better. Your sense of self feels a little bit stretched, somehow.

\*You okay?

I'm fine. Keep going.\*

By 750m, you're feeling torn between two places, but it gets a lot better when you only pay attention to one.

*Okay, let's keep at it.* It's important to find out, and better here than in battle.

As you pass the kilometer mark, all sense of Hitomi's room fades.

"Ryouko!" exclaims Hitomi, over a cellular link. "Clarisse just collapsed on the bed. Is she okay?"

"I'm still fine," you say, borrowing the connection. "Is the body breathing? Is there a heartbeat?"

"… Yes, thank goodness. Are *you* fine?"

"This is actually normal for me," you reply.

"It's a little disconcerting, Clarisse."

"Try pinching me," you instruct.

"… Okay."

Nothing.

"Harder. Actually, give me a good slap on the face."

"A slap?!" exclaims Hitomi.

"It won't even hurt, and it could be important!" you reassure her.

\*whack\*

"Ow!" you exclaim.

"You said it wouldn't hurt!" exclaims Hitomi.

You blink your eyes. You are in the bedroom. Hitomi's there.

"… Ryouko?!?"

Hitomi turns her head to look out the window, towards Ryouko.

There is an empty feeling where Ryouko used to be and you are all alone, terribly, terribly alone, more alone than you were previously aware it was possible to be.

You try to jump back to her somehow, but there's no sense of where that would be or how you would do it. It feels like you're just walled in to what you have right now.

\*RYOUKO?!?!? \*you scream, internally, in panic.

***

"I'm sorry," you reassure both of them, taking deep breaths. "I just panicked. I think otherwise I was fine. You didn't need to teleport back, you should be conserving magic, you should have just walked…"

"Shhh", says Ryouko, holding you in an embrace. "It's okay, I'm here, don't worry about it."

"… This … this is all backwards, Ryouko, I'm supposed to be the responsible one who's always here for you, you shouldn't need to do this."

"Hush now. Don't worry," she says. "It's more than okay, *because* you've done a lot for me. And I know you always will." She squeezes your hand.

As your girl rocks you, you distract yourself a moment and notice Hitomi, standing by the window as if disinterested, hoping not to intrude, but still watching, from the corner of her eye, with a quiet concern. She sort of did this in the group, as well. And didn't she figure out about the ribbon? An interesting girl. What might she know? You should ask her things later, maybe she can help you out. And there you go, you're looking out for Ryouko again, and you're looking out for her friends, looking out for her where she isn't good at looking out for herself. And things are better again. Things are going to be fine. You'll get through this.

***

**\[9] Meet Nanami and figure out a … witch? hunt
-\[+4] (+5) Seek answers re: witches**
-\[+4 -2] Look for Homura

"Hitomi, dear!" calls her mother. "Your friend is here!"

"Thank you, mama!" replies Hitomi. "Will you send her on up?"

A short while later, Nanami ducks her head into the room. "Whoa," she says, "this is not how it was yesterday."

"Hello, Nanami. Come on in," you say.

"Whoa," she says. "Clarisse is lilac Ryouko, huh?" There is an incubator on her shoulder, and he jumps over to a table as she approaches the two of you.

"Hello again, Nanami. A pleasure to meet you in person," you say.

Ryouko stands up and gives Nanami a big hug.

"Hey, hey!" says the surprised girl, as she returns it. "What's this for, now?"

"Well, Clarisse tells me that you sort of saved us both. And it's a really big deal, and it's my fault that you had to."

"Aww. I told you guys not to worry about that. I mean … real talk, I'm glad I brought you back, but I sort of made the wish for myself, too."

The incubator is looking at you funny, and you're trying to keep an eye on him while focusing your attention on your girl. You get the feeling that perceiving the creature isn't really something you're doing with your eyes, it's just an overlay on top of your vision from your sense of his existence, which is fuzzy. Ryouko's eyes can see him just fine, though. You wonder whether a small amount of her magic potential might be affecting you. It occurs to you to hide it.

"Good morning, Shizuki Ryouko," says the creature, turning his back. "I've been waiting to meet you! From what I've gathered from Nanami, your case is a most unusual one."

"Aww, don't make it sound like I'm gossiping about them behind their backs."

Hitomi looks confused. "Are you talking to Mr. Kyuubey again?"

Ryouko nods. "He's over there on the table."

"This will be a little awkward if it's only the two of you who can see him," you note. "Hitomi, should we wait in your bedroom?"

She masks her hesitancy as a moment of careful consideration. "Okay."

You check in with your girl as you leave, and she's all right with it, so…

***

"Did you want to talk to me about something alone, Clarisse?" asks Hitomi, as you settle down across the hall.

"Maybe. Did you want to watch the conversation?"

"Well, I was a little interested. I suppose you're right that it would be awkward, since I can't see Kyuubey."

"Fear not," you say. "I shall record it and share with you."

"… Clarisse!" she exclaims. "Is that okay with Ryouko?!"

"Yes. I asked specifically."

"… It still feels like that would be spying on her."

"Ah, that's right," you say. "You keep an eye out for your friends, but I'm going to guess that's pretty much always in person, right? You probably don't even care for gossip."

Hitomi looks at you askance. "… I'm not sure what you're saying, miss Clarisse."

"It's not a bad thing. You're just observant, and you care about your friends, and want what's best for them, so you look out for them and support them. That's a good thing. It's what I try to do for Ryouko, who is very bad at noticing certain things." You pause a moment. "See, right now, I just said something which is at least superficially nice, but you're hesitant to agree. I'm betting part of that is because you grew up in this family, and you *know* you're the subject of gossip, and you know that people out there want to manipulate you, and put words in your mouth to make you look bad. So you're careful. Now, Ryouko… she grew up in obscurity. She does not have this experience."

Hitomi considers for a long moment, before quietly replying. "That's not such a terrible thing, though, is it? If anything, I should think she's happier that way."

"That's fair," you say, "and ordinarily, I think I'd agree. Unfortunately, I don't know how tenable it is anymore."

Hitomi considers. "People think she's more interesting, because she's a magical girl? Oh — she saves people, doesn't she? That has to mean some pretty awkward moments."

"Oh, goddess, Hitomi. It's … it's so much worse than that," you admit. "She kind of sort of single-handedly turned back a major alien invasion, and well, pretty much every man, woman, child, and artificial intelligence, on Earth and beyond, knows her name."

Hitomi blinks rapidly in surprise. "She did *what?*"

"I mean, she had a lot of help, but *she's* the big hero at the center of it all. And because she's still a silly young thing, and dense as a brick about love, she just waltzes onto rooftops and lets a girl like Yuuka put food in her mouth, like it's *nothing*. She has a girlfriend, you know! The poor girl has to put up with *that*."

"She has — a *girlfriend?!?"* exclaims Hitomi.

You nod. "Nice girl-next-door type, just *barely* dazzled by her just before everything happened. Normal girl. Well, normal for a magical girl, anyway. She keeps Ryouko grounded."

Hitomi takes a moment to process that. "Well. I suppose it is the future, isn't it. It must not be that big a deal for two girls …"

"Oh, yes, that happens a lot in the future. But I've digressed from my point. My point is, I look out for Ryouko, and keep her happy. Ryouko just made a lot of new friends. It's good. Just simple friends, only a little bit dazzled. They still think of her as a person. And if I'm going to look out for Ryouko, I need to look out for her friends when I can. I'd initially pegged Nanami as the ringleader of the group, but she's gone and made a contract so she's different from the others. When they're confused, and afraid, and unsure of themselves, they'll turn to someone a little less dazzling. Someone who cares about them, and always knows what to do. You see what I'm getting at, don't you?"

"… Oh," says Hitomi.

"How are *you* feeling, Hitomi?" you ask. "What is it like, waking up with nanite implants from the future and cellular service to your brain? Do you feel weird about yourself at all?"

She gives you a blank look, a facade. "I'm managing, I think."

"How was Mama's breakfast?" you prompt.

Hitomi blinks a few times, and her face quivers, and she loses her composure. "It was … it was… it was good, but … I don't even have words, and I'm scared, Clarisse! Okay? I don't know what any of this means and I'm afraid and I don't know what to think, it's really weird, and … and I'm still afraid because of Sayaka, and…"

"… Oh, goddess, I've gone too far again," you apologize. "I didn't mean … Hug?"

She nods, and you find yourself once again in an embrace.

"It's okay," you assure Hitomi. "I'm scared too, I nearly lost someone very dear to me too, I'm just as confused by my new body as you, and everyone… and everything will be fine, okay? We'll make it fine. I'll take care of Ryouko, I'm actually good at that, and I'll help her and Nanami, and I'll help you, and you… you can take care of Madoka and Sayaka and Yuuka and Wakaba, okay? Because you look out for your friends, and you know them better than I do. And Ryouko will keep everyone safe."

Hitomi nods, regaining her composure. "Okay," she says, quietly, "I see."

"Do you think you can do that for everyone?" you ask.

"I think I can do that," she begins, "but…"

You look up to her expectantly.

"Just one thing, though, Clarisse," she says. "Who takes care of you?"

You find yourself caught off guard. "I… I manage, okay? And I have Ryouko."

"Oh, goddess, Clarisse," says Hitomi. "You need to take care of yourself, okay? Promise me."

"I'll keep an eye on it, I promise," you tell her.

"You need someone to talk to, though," she insists.

"I'll talk to you too."

"Will you tell me everything, then?" she says. "Even stuff like how Ryouko is a hero."

"I'll … I want to, it's just, maybe not a good idea."

"Can you tell me about the goddess you two keep mentioning?"

"… Oh, Hitomi, that's a bigger can of worms than you can even *begin* to know," you tell her. "I can. I want to. I probably shouldn't. , well, I guess… they she takes care of magical girls, at the end of their time, when they run out of hope."

She nods. "What's her name?"

It's a natural question, dangerously so. You fail to hide your shock at the question.

"Clarisse?" asks a surprised Hitomi.

"Her name …" you search for an explanation. "I don't think you're supposed to know."

"Oh, Clarisse. She saved everyone from aliens *and* she knows the secrets of a goddess? Is there anything *else* I should know about my great-whatever-granddaughter?"

"… She's at the center of more conspiracies than either of us actually know about, I'm seriously contemplating the possibility that this isn't the first time that she's died, and…" You pause. You recall something from Paris… yes. perfect.

"And sometimes…" you resume in a low whisper, "she eats cake with her bare hands."

Hitomi tries. She tries very hard, indeed, not to laugh.

"… Oh, Clarisse."

***

You are multitasking. As long as you're not deep in battle, and Ryouko is mostly managing by herself, then this is okay. A portion of your consciousness follows along.

*Don't offer too much to Kyuubey*, you warn her. \*Try to get him to explain things first, \*you tell her.

"A magical girl from the future is hardly unprecedented," he's saying, "but it's not common. Did you come here for any particular reason?"

"… no," says Ryouko, "I'm still trying to figure out why I was sent here myself. It was a surprise."

"Interesting," says Kyuubey. "Then I assume you did not make the journey here yourself?"

"No," replies your girl. "I'm just a teleporter."

Kyuubey nods his little round head. "Depending on her exact powers, there are time travel strategies which a teleporter could, in theory, carry out" he says, "but in practice, she would have to be *extraordinarily* powerful for them to be of any use at all."

"Geez," says Nanami. You guys can do time travel, too?"

"We have the technology," says Kyuubey, "but we have foresworn its use."

"I see. Because it's too dangerous?" she asks.

"Because using it is ultimately counterproductive to our mission. It would be like making an enemy of time itself."

"What is your mission?" asks Nanami.
"Incubators postpone the heat death of the universe, by fighting entropy," says Ryouko.

"That's right," says Kyuubey. "Nanami, your wish was very strong. It reduced entropy substantially."

"Oh, really??" asks Nanami. "How much?"

"Quantitative terms are problematic," says Kyuubey, "and you wouldn't understand. But rest assured, even the power of the smallest wish outshines the Sun."

*How poetic,* you remark.

*Is that really normal for him?* asks Ryouko.

\*Not that I'm aware of. I'm a little worried.

It's still vague, though,\* notes Ryouko. *Power versus energy, and all that.*

"Of course," continues Kyuubey, "I owe a lot to Ryouko here as well. It seems her presence in this timeline helped unlock your potential! I understand you were quite dramatic."

"Um," replies Ryouko, "you're welcome, I guess. I was just afraid about keeping everything a secret."

"Your diligence is appreciated," says Kyuubey. "Magical girls everywhere are safer when their secret is protected, especially in the world today."

Nanami nods. "That makes sense."

"Kyuubey," asks Ryouko. "Can you help us plan a hunt? I never really led one before, I'd just teleport in when someone else found something." It's a phrasing and an excuse you suggested to her earlier.

"Oh, I'd be happy to!" says Kyuubey. "Witches and their familiars prey on the emotions of the distressed. Places where there are a lot of people are a good start, but some crowds are more unhappy than others, and it depends on the time of day. Witches don't always follow the crowds, either. If a witch can get someone all alone, that person can be a very good target."

"I see," says Ryouko.

Nanami and Ryouko coordinate over some maps. You keep an eye on things, but Nanami has done her homework pretty well. She even offers Ryouko tips on finding data sources. These should be handy, later.

"Oh," she says. "And you have the battle computer, right?"

"… Her name is Clarisse, actually," clarifies Ryouko.

"Oh! OH!" says Nanami. "Oh, wow. I'm *dense*. I'm sorry."

"It's okay," says Ryouko.

***

"So you're following us, then," says Nanami.

"Until I have this figured out, yes," you say. "I don't want to risk losing my connection to Ryouko in combat. Besides, if I've got a whole kilometer to work with I should really be able to keep safe and stay out of the way."

"I wonder why it works that way," ponders Nanami. "I guess your soul doesn't like being in two places at once?"

\*"\*Maybe," you say. "I'm afraid Kyuubey's the resident expert on souls, though."

"I'm afraid I don't know what's going on," he says. It's that weird half-there effect again, which is why you're not looking at him. "You two are an anomaly I haven't encountered before."

*Not exactly reassuring,* you note.

***

You've reached the edge of an industrial area, where Ryouko's soul gem has detected what Kyuubey assures you must be the strengthening signal of a witch. It might be time to get ready. Nanami told Ryouko that she has electric powers and some sort of a ranged weapon, but she kept being vague about it, and Ryouko didn't push it. They'll need to figure out *something* before they fight, though. A simulator would have been nice...

*Hold on,* you tell your girl. *I'll boot up the tactical network, and see if Nanami can join it, too.*

In a moment, she's joined you in the battlespace.

"Hey grrl," sends Nanami.

"It does work! You must have the v1.8 tac-comp," you tell her. "It's slightly older."

"Oh\*,\* is it not as good?"

"Honestly, it's probably for the best. Version Twos are still pretty new, and, well, honestly, we weren't strictly meant to be sentient. I mean, I'm glad for it, but they're still sorting out the ethical implications, and it would be a *very* bad idea to have another one in the early twenty-first century without a lot of support. She'd be confused, and lonely."

"Oh, geez. Yeah, that'd be… different."

"I don't think the other girls have either," you tell her, "which makes sense by future standards, since they're not going into any battles, Goddess willing."

Something catches your attention, and you stop moving for a moment.

"Clarisse?" asks Ryouko aloud. "What is it?"

"Hold on," you reply via battle-net. "Nanami, did you get that?"

"What? I don't know," says Nanami.

"I'm pretty sure I just caught the start of a handshake to join our battle net. I don't know who it's from, it cut out just before sending an identifier, but the signatures were definitely Governance."

"What? Who could that be?" asks Ryouko.

You consider. "Even if they do have TacComps, I don't think any of the new girls would have thought to stop the connection partway through."

"Someone else is out there?" inquires Nanami.

You conduct a quick plot. "Somewhere on the south side of town, I think. I can't pin it down."

"The south side?" Ryouko asks. "The Southern Group?"

**> tactical advice**

\[ ] Run away, in case you've been made
\[ ] Forget the signal, focus on the witch for the time being
\[ ] Beam Hello messages back in the general direction of the signal
\[ ] Teleport towards the signal and conduct an intensive search
