# A Certain Magical Railgun

**\[7] Plan: [@Crasian01](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/3528/)**
\[2] Focus on witch

\[X] Systems checks. Review everyone's implant state, soul gem state, and psychological state. Adjust hormones and neurotransmitter levels if needed.
\[X] Transform. Weapons up, be ready to go.
\[X] Ryouko needs to be ready to emergency teleport in case suddenly explosions.
\[X] Scan the local area, see if you can find some place defensible
\-- \[X] If yes, then teleport there and see if anyone is vectoring in. If not, ping the geographic area that the protocol originated from and wait.

Despite some minor magic usage, Ryouko's still reading 100%. Nanami's not taking this seriously, but is otherwise fine.

*I need you two transformed and ready for action. We want somewhere defensible, ideally with line of sight on the south. Sudden long range attacks are unlikely, so keep together, so we can teleport out faster. Weapons safe for now, but watch for bogeys.*

"Right," says Ryouko, scanning the rooftops. "Nanami, transform."

"Whaa?" objects Nanami, as Ryouko transforms, grabs her (and you), and quickly teleports to a likely spot. "I have to make my big dramatic entrance in a *freight yard?*"

"Take this seriously," says Ryouko, looking as fluffy and adorable as ever. "This isn't a game. Remember how this started? People can die out here."

"All right, all right." She transforms in a sparkly *poof*. She's wearing a long, elegant, sparkling evening dress, with a low neckline, and each sequin looks like it might be made of ruby, prolonging the sparkle effect. On top of the dress, she sports a crop-top leather jacket, unzipped. Her soul gem is on a black choker around her neck; she's also wearing *sunglasses,* and dark fishnet stockings, and shiny black high heels with bright red soles. And on with all this, she's carrying… wow.

"Goddess, Nanami…" you mutter, "it's taller than you are!"

"Whaaat?" she replies. "This isn't even the really big one!"

Ryouko steals a glance, then returns to watching inbound approaches. "Nanami, what is that?"

"This old thing? It's just [a certain magical railgun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZuvP7DKxWk)."

You sigh. "Okay, fine. Give me stats. What's its max sustainable power output?"

"One. Point. Twenty. One. Gigawatts." She smiles. "I call her *Clara*."

You do some quick math on that destructive potential. "What in heaven's name do you do about the recoil?"

"There's no recoil. It's *magic*!" she retorts.

"Right," says Ryouko. "And for close quarters combat, um, do you intend to use her as a *club?*"

"No? I've got little Beatrice for that…"

"How powerful is Beatrice?" you ask.

"Ehhhhh, maybe fifty kilowatts?"

"I *most strongly recommend* that you stick with Beatrice for now," you advise, "lest you accidentally wipe out a neighborhood."

"Oh, Clara, my darling," she says, nuzzling the gun with her cheek, before she banishes it. "It's okay, I still love you."

*Beatrice* is [a rather silly looking revolver](https://i.imgur.com/hDPz4LE.jpg).

"Nanami, *get it together*," says Ryouko.

"Okay, okay!"

Kyuubey observes from Nanami's shoulder, saying nothing.

***

\-- \[X] If \[no one is vectoring in], ping the geographic area that the protocol originated from, and then move somewhere where you can observe the area, at least.

No one is coming, and no one has answered your hails, so you get ready to move a few kilometers to investigate. There's an apartment tower Ryouko can see, with a likely looking rooftop commanding a view of the area, and no one on top.

"Just in case," you warn the two girls before you jump, "let's try to preserve *some* stealth. Keep your gems *quiet,* if possible."

Ryouko jumps, and the paranoia pays off.

\*"\*Hold up. Did you feel that?" says a voice in the distance. "Quiet." You don't quite have line of sight.

Nanami gulps.

*Get down out of sight,* sends Ryouko, via telepathy, *and stay frosty.*

"I thought we were *done*," whines the other voice. She's not really being very quiet. "I want my *cake.*"

"I said quiet!" snaps the first, in a loud whisper. "Someone's out there."

Ryouko has sensed two gems, a couple of blocks away, but they quickly dimmed to undetectability.

"Well, I don't see why it matters," says the second girl. "She would have warned us if there were trouble, and —"

"News flash, numbskull," retorts the first, "*not* everything is going to be spelled out on the agenda! *It doesn't work that way.* Maybe pigtails brought some friends back after she bugged out."

*Clarisse,* your girl thinks to you, *I think that's Sakura Kyouko. The gem matches, too. And unless I'm mistaken, the other one is Kirika.*

"I thought she doesn't *have* any friends," says Kirika, "that's the *point*."

"The point is to make *sure* she doesn't have any friends," says Kyouko. "Let's hang around a bit and see if we can find anything, k?"

**> tactical plan**

Nanami is frosty. Soul gems remain at or over 100%. It's about 10 in the morning, the streets are pretty empty, and the only commercial establishment you've seen is a convenience store a few blocks away. It's a gritty part of town.

Your girl would like to know what the hell is going on, and would strongly prefer *not* to murder Kyouko. Kirika, on the other hand, would be no problem.

\[ ] Get out of there fast
\- \[ ] Return to the witch hunt
\- \[ ] Try to find "Pigtails" at home
\- \[ ] Return to home base with Hitomi
\[ ] Lay low and try to watch
\[ ] Reveal yourselves and try to talk things out
\[ ] Back off and strafe the neighborhood with high power railgun shells
