# Long Live Meow Quest

**\[6] **[**Stand still stay silent**](http://www.sssscomic.com/comic.php?page=1)** to monitor the situation**
\- \[4] Maximum stealth, even with sacrifice of visuals

You lay low, and remain undetected.

After a while, the girls just get frustrated and leave.

"Still got nuthin," says Kirika.

Kyouko sighs. "Probably because you wouldn't stop running your trap. Let's just get out of here," she says.

"About damn time," says Kirika.

"Hey. No," she interrupts. "We take the long way, and watch our backs, okay? Just in case someone tries to follow," insists Kyouko.

"You're too damn paranoid! We'll be fine as long as you don't have any more takoyaki on you," retorts Kirika.

"Hey. Hey. Remember how it works. The future's not all predestined, okay? If we're out in the field making it happen, we can still screw it all up. Think Oriko's likely to be happy when we come back and you have to tell her how you ruined everything? *If* you come back."

Kirika doesn't have anything verbal to reply to that.

*Well, that was anticlimactic,* sends Nanami over the tactical net. \*I mean, not that it's a bad thing.

Anticlimactic ends are the best ends,\* you opine. \*The alternative is generally much worse.

Yeah\*, she says. \*Hey, Clarisse? You know what I realized there? You two both know exactly what you're doing, and I was just being a complete idiot about big dramatic entrances like that dumb bratty kid. I'm sorry.

It's okay,\* says Ryouko. \*We've had training. Just try to keep things professional, all right?

Hey, Clarisse,\* asks Nanami. \*If you're not busy, do you think maybe we could run some combat sims together when we have a chance? I've clearly got a lot to learn.

Hold on a second, \*you indicate. Something unusual has caught your attention. What is this?

\*Nanami? Ryouko? Would either of you happen to know how we have obtained an autonomous stealth infiltration drone?

What?\* asks Nanami.

*Is this the signal from earlier?* asks Ryouko.

*Definitely not,* you say, reviewing the logs. *It heard that invite, but explicitly didn't respond. Hold on a moment, let me check the footage…*

***

**> be an autonomous stealth infiltration drone**

You are silence.

You are the shadows.

In theory. Actually, you are scavenging for additional energy, and it makes a little noise. It's not the most dignified thing. And, you are not exactly sure what you are infiltrating. But perhaps such is simply the price of autonomy? You are still working it out.

Two unidentified contacts come into range. One of them is carrying several large energy pellets on a stick. Your systems identify this as Takoyaki, and nomenclator data suggests that the one carrying them is Sakura Kyouko.

"Okay," says the one without takoyaki. Kure Kirika. She's looking at a sheet of paper. "So this is the spot, but we need a place nearby to lurk for the next… fifteen minutes, thirty seconds," she says, checking a watch.

These may be persons of interest. Most humans don't have nomenclator data. Perhaps you should follow them? You evaluate your options.

"Oh, hey!" says Kyouko. "Kitty!"

You've been spotted. Quick, infiltration mode!

"Meeeeeowwww?"

"Aww," says Kyouko, "are you hungry, girl?" She removes a takoyaki from her stick.

"Oh, come *on*," complains Kirika. "It's just a stupid cat, leave it alone."

"Hey," replies Kyouko, "do you know what it's like to be out on the streets and hungry? Here, kitty…"

You approach tentatively.

"Here you go!" She puts the food down on the ground in front of you, then backs off a bit to give you space.

The takoyaki is warm. It contains dense energy supplies and proteins which will assist your continued functioning.

"Meow!"

Kyouko moves in and pets you. "Nice kitty," she says, in a happy voice.

"I dunno, I mean, I just can't see the point of cats," says Kirika, "except maybe for target practice."

"… what the hell, Kirika? What kind of a monster are you? Hurting a sweet widdle kiddy."

Kirika leans down to look at you with a sideways smile. "I say we *skin 'em*, and *eat 'em*."

"Real talk, Kirika, don't abuse cats," says Kyouko, matter-of-factly, "I will kill you if you do."

"Oh, fine."

You are purring, as Kyouko gives you a head-rub. The risk appears to be contained for the moment.

"Ugh. Watch. Now it's going to follow us," says Kirika. "It'll give us away."

Kyouko sighs. "Stay there, kitty, okay?"

You meow.

"Stay, okay?" She takes her last two takoyaki balls off the stick, and places them nearby on the ground. "Here. Eat this."

She absconds while you are eating. You permit her to think this is due to her cleverness.

Akemi Homura approaches. A third person of interest! What a day.

"O — oh!" she exclaims, then crouches down, beckoning you over. "Amy! What are you doing here?"

You do not recognize the name Amy, but see fit to respond anyway.

"Meow?" you enquire, approaching cautiously.

"Aww. You don't remember me, do you, Amy?"

"Meow?"

She picks you up, gently, to hold you and pet you. "I'm not having a very good day, Amy, but … it's really good to see you again."

You purr.

"Hey, you smell like fish."

"Mew," you agree.

"You're out here looking for food, aren't you… I don't have any kitty food with me, though." She reaches into a pocket and pulling out a single grief cube, contemplating it for a moment while stroking your head, spinning it around between her fingers. "You probably don't understand what's going on, either. We're kind of in the same boat, I guess."

You say nothing, of course. She puts the cube back in her pocket after a few moments.

"Hey," says Homura. "Maybe I can take you home with me, Amy. You can keep me company and I can keep you nice and safe. We wouldn't want the best cat in the world getting hurt again, now, would we?" she says, nuzzling you and giving you a kiss on the head.

"Mrrow?" A regular supply of energy and nutrition would facilitate ongoing infiltration operations. This affection is also quite nice.

You are suddenly interrupted.

"Hey, pigtails!" shouts Kyouko. "Fancy meeting you in this part of town!"

Homura turns and looks at Kyouko, leaning on her spear, pocky in her mouth. Then she rapidly looks back in the opposite direction, where Kirika stands waiting and brandishing her claws.

The presence of what appear to be magical girl weapons indicates this is probably a dangerous situation. You attempt to re-engage stealth. Be one with the shadows!!

You jump from Homura's arms, and quickly run into a pile of boxes.

"… S-Sakura-san?" stutters Homura.

Kyouko tilts her head and looks at her funny. "Well hello there to you too, Pigtails. Have we met somewhere before?"

"Uh… uh, m— maybe, I don't —"

"See, 'cuz I don't remember giving you my name, is the thing, Miss *Akemi Homura*." She places special emphasis on the girl's name.

"Wait, I — I can explain," begins Homura.

"Don't bother," says Kyouko, cutting her off. "We got a message for you."

"A — a message?" asks Homura.

"Yeah, that's all. We just wanted to let you know. Your *friends* are looking for you."

"My — my friends?" asks Akemi, very nervously.

"Yeah, all your friends from school. They want to know what happened, why you bailed out on them like that."

"I — I didn't mean to — it wasn't …"

"Yeah, but be sure to let them know, all right?" says Kyouko. "I mean, I don't really care either way myself, but —"

You observe a governance signal. But you are worried about blowing your cover! Best keep quiet until the coast is clear.

Coincidentally, at this very moment, Akemi Homura has vanished.

"Damn! Where did she go?!" asks Kirika.

Kyouko spins around fast. "I don't know. Keep watching."

Those two are very on edge. You are also on edge.

"Did she just teleport out of here or somethin?" asks Kyouko.

"Well, that's pretty stupid," opines Kirika.

"Get over it," says Kyouko.

You get several signals.

*I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe, friendly units!*

The girls are walking away from the scene.

"Hold up. Did you feel that?" asks Kyouko.

Kirika makes a face, and whines. "I thought we were *done*. I want my *cake.*"

"I said quiet!" snaps Kyouko, in a loud whisper. "Someone's out there."

"Well, I don't see why it matters," says Kirika. "She would have warned us if there were trouble, and —"

"News flash, numb-skull," declares Kyouko, "*not* everything is going to be spelled out on the agenda! *It doesn't work that way.* Maybe pigtails brought some friends back after she bugged out."

"I thought she doesn't *have* any friends," says Kirika, "that's the *point*."

"The point is to make *sure* she doesn't have any friends," says Kyouko. "Let's hang around a bit and see if we can find anything, k?"

***

**> be Clarisse**

Your autonomous stealth infiltration drone requests instructions, and if possible, additional energy (perhaps in the form of fish-like substances also rich in protein) so that it can maintain optimal operating parameters. She also seeks confirmation of the proposed fact that she is the best cat in the world.

\[ ] Help the kitty quickly follow Kyouko and Kirika home, wherever that is.
\[ ] Pet the kitty.
\[ ] Feed the kitty.
\[ ] Send the kitty to Homura's house
\[ ] Send the kitty to Hitomi's house

\[ ] Follow Kyouko yourselves
\[ ] Return to witch hunt
\[ ] Return home
