# the best can-opener in the world

**\[6] Feed/pet kitty**
The kitty did not ask to eat magical girl flesh. She asked for *tuna*.

Nanami hustles back from the nearby convenience store with a single can in a plastic bag and an incubator still perched on her shoulder.

"Sorry," says Nanami, "that took longer than expected."

"What happened?" Ryouko enquires.

"Almost ran into someone I know," she says. "Did *not* want to explain what I'm doing over here."

You nod.

"Anyway," she continues. "Witch couldn't have gotten that far in fifteen minutes, could it?"

"It depends, really," says Kyuubey. "I would expect you two should be able to follow it, even if it is moving." He hops down to the ground; the kitty does not appear to pay him heed. "It doesn't bother me if you take a break. I'm happy just to observe you three in action."

"Here," says Nanami, handing a can of "Tuna Feast in Gravy" to Ryouko. "Pay me back later if you have to, all right?"

Ryouko inspects the can, doubtfully. "This is … containerized food?"

"Cat food usually is," says Nanami.

"How does one open it?" you ask. The container format is unfamiliar.

"It's a pop-top," she replies.

"What does that mean?"

Nanami tilts her head to the side and gives you a look.

"Behold," she says, "our fearsome technology," opening the can and handing it to Ryouko.

Ryouko contemplates the open can. "What am I supposed to I do —"

"Crouch down," she says, "and put it on the ground in front of you, and wait for the kitty to eat."

Ryouko does so, hesitantly. She places her arms behind her back.

"Now, stay calm. Don't startle her."

Amy approaches the food, and Ryouko, hesitantly.

*It's okay. She's just as scared of you as you are of her,* you send to Amy. *She's nice, I promise.*

"Meow?" asks the kitty, aloud.

Ryouko breathes deeply.

"That's it, stay calm," says Nanami. "Don't interrupt her while she's eating; wait for her to finish. If she wants you to pet her, she'll make the first move."

Amy keeps an eye on your girl, strolling forward slowly and deliberately, until she reaches the food, whereupon she gives it her undivided attention. It turns out kitties make cute noises when they're eating, entrancing your girl, until the food is all gone and Amy starts to nuzzle Ryouko, purring.

"… Oh my gosh, you are cute and soft," says Ryouko. "*Definitely* the best kitty in the world."

"And you're the best Ryouko in the world," you say, patting Ryouko on the head ever so lightly. "Good girl."

"Oh, Clarisse." She smirks, turning her head towards you and sticks out her tongue at you. "Thanks. You're the best computer in the world."

You consider for a moment. "Oh, goddess, you might be right about that, actually. That's *really weird* to think about."

Nanami sighs. "Well, I guess that leaves me to be the best can-opener in the world, or something."

"Ah — we appreciate your help a lot, actually, Nanami —" you begin.

She cuts you off with a wave of her hand. "Eh, don't sweat it. I'm just having a little fun."

While your girl showers Amy with affection, you take a look at the can and its lid, careful of what appear to be sharp edges.

"Nanami, how do we interoperate with the local refuse disposal services?" you enquire. "I haven't seen any public disposal receptacles."

"Hmmmm… Probably best to go back to the convenience store," she says. "There probably won't be any others anywhere nearby."

"Oh?" you enquire. "I should have thought the logistics infrastructure could support frequent collection points, even with twenty-first century technology."

"Yeah, um, well…" she looks uncomfortable briefly. "Apparently they're a security risk." [1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokyo_subway_sarin_attack)​

"Wait, what?" asks Ryouko.

"… Oi. Don't worry about it," says Nanami. "Just let me hold the kitty."

You nod. "Of course."

"Of course," says Ryouko. "After I'm done."

***

\*\*

\[4] Deploy kitty to Homura's house
\[5] Return to witch hunt\*\*

You bid the kitty *mata ashita*, leaving her with instructions to find Homura's house at an approximate location, and to report back once she's found, or by nightfall. Reassuring Ryouko that you *will* see the kitty again, you resume hunting the witch. The trail's still warm, but the witch is clearly on the move; Kyubey seems undisturbed by the delay, and is happy to continue his observations of you and Ryouko quietly. He hasn't asked a lot of questions about Ryouko and yourself, which seems fortunate on one level and somewhat worrying on another.

As you follow your girls on the hunt, Hitomi contacts you with updated plans — the group is now planning to get together around three in the afternoon, or thereabouts, because Sayaka has been delayed. She's spent all morning talking to the police, and is about to be checked out at the hospital. Hitomi will only be able to stay for a while because of her dance class, but she'll definitely be there, and there *will* be a cake; Mama insisted.

It's nearing one o'clock by the time you finally catch up to the witch, and you're a little hungry.

The witch appears to have entered a wastewater treatment facility, among the settling tanks; a smell of methane wafts in from the other end. Nanami opens a gate to the facility with just the smallest touch of magic to the keypad.

"I can sense it," says Nanami.

There's definitely something that Ryouko can sense here, besides the smell. It's a lot like the edge of a freakishly strong miasma, but also a very localized one.

"Yes, that's it," says Kyuubey. "Now, it's usually not too dangerous near the labyrinth entrance, but once we're inside, be ready."

The two girls transform, and as they do so, the world around you is replaced with silliness. A hallway, or alley-way, or canyon of some sort stretches out in front of you, but the walls are green chalkboards dotted with foil stars and the floor is strewn with giant building blocks. Here and there are crayons, embedded in the ground like some freakish vegetation, easily a full meter taller than either of you. Worst of all, it isn't really *still*. The texture of the walls is gradually moving.

\*"\*I think I feel something up ahead," says Nanami. "Is that the witch?"

"Not so far out," says Kyuubey. "A witch's labyrinth is like a maze, and the witch is at the center, deep inside. That said, sometimes the witch will notice intruders and bring them to her, to force a confrontation."

Nanami nods. "And I can go all out in here without hurting anyone outside in the real world, right?"

"Yes! It's an enclosed space, like another world," says Kyuubey. "But occasionally, witches will lure people into the labyrinth itself, so you should still watch out and make sure you don't hurt them by accident."

"Right," says Nanami, summoning Clara once more. "No city-sized explosions."

Ryouko catches a glimpse of something moving. It's like a crayon drawing of a little girl, flying up the canyon in an airplane — one of those mutant baby wraiths. A few more are trailing off behind.

*This all feels very familiar,* says Ryouko. \*We must have been attacked by a witch, somehow, just after we teleported away from the roof. Wow, that's a stroke of terrible luck. I wonder what the odds of that were?

I don't know. It sounds pretty improbable… \*you hedge. You have a sinking feeling growing inside about *why* you just happened to arrive in a labyrinth just as Mami's gem was testing its limits. If the goddess saves magical girls from a terrible fate, and if there is no goddess… the consequences could be grim.

\> Propose tactical plan

There's no obvious exit behind you, just a dead end. This particular battlespace appears to be pretty linear, with cover at intervals. It looks like some of these particular not-wraith things can fly, though if your previous experience in a labyrinth is accurate, it'd be reasonable to expect some on the ground as well. Electronic signals from the outside world are badly attenuated; you might be able to get cellular service in here but you'd need to move around to find a good spot. Ryouko's soul is reading 99.8% and she seems eager for action; Nanami's soul is also bright.

\[ ] Share troubling suspicions with Ryouko
\[ ] Attempt to confirm suspicions with Kyuubey
\[ ] Ask Kyuubey other questions / advice (write in)

\[ ] Fight the witch!
\- \[ ] Accompany the two girls on foot
\- \[ ] Wait near the entrance
\- \[ ] (write in other tactical doctrine)
