# Ugh. I hate creepy dolls.

**\[6] Share suspicions with Ryouko**

*Everybody knows that the Goddess of Hope saves magical girls from despair and takes them to the afterlife. Everybody knows that Akemi Homura claims to have known her. And as far as we can tell, right now, Homura's friend Kaname Madoka is an ordinary twenty-first century middle school student without even enough potential to see Kyuubey. If that's the case, what happens to magical girls now?*

Ryouko considers. \*I don't know.

So imagine, then, that Tomoe Mami is hounded by Oriko all morning, made to doubt her sanity, until she finds some new girl at her school, fights her, and then out of nowhere you come for her gem. Meeting a witch at that moment isn't a coincidence! It's cause and effect.\*

Ryouko frowns externally. *So, if demons appear to feast on human misery and suffering, then… witches feast on the despair of magical girls? They just wait until your soul is too vulnerable to protect itself, then they eat you up, and just sort of graze on ordinary humans as snacks in the meantime.*

You … hadn't considered that particular notion, actually. It does seem to fit the conclusions, and it's less over-the-top than what you were suspecting. But still, you should talk through it.

\*What if the witch was actually Mami? \*you posit. \*The corruption looks like it flooded out from her soul gem.

That could just be what it looks like when a witch is feeding on you,\* replies your girl.

*Well, I don't know,* you tell her. \*Maybe I'm paranoid, but "getting eaten by a monster" just doesn't sound like a terrible enough fate.

It's your soul, though,\* says Ryouko. *And that's at least enough reason to take this monster down.*

She's itching for a fight,\* right now\*, and you don't really have any proof. Is there a way you could tell one way or the other? It would probably be paranoid to *insist.*

**\[10] Fight the witch!**
\[5] Accompany girls on foot
\[5] (various "be somewhere else" plans)

"This is very awkward, because I'm used to providing support for Ryouko, but I'm not sure how much sense it makes for me to be here physically," you explain. "The last thing I want is to burden you two in a fight."

"Well, I'm not sure if it makes a lot of sense," says Ryouko, "but I'd feel better knowing that you're here." She smiles, and squeezes your hand.

"Hey, Clarisse," offers Nanami. "Take this." She tosses you her revolver.

You let go of Ryouko's hand to catch it before you have time to properly boggle. "But — but Nanami, this is *your* magic —"

"It'll be *fine*, don't worry about it," she says. "I was going to use this other one anyway, see?" She holds up Clara, and grins.

"Well okay then," you declare. "Our concept of operations is that the three of us move together as a compact package to dispense damage on our enemies. Everyone sticks together and if we come under attack we teleport somewhere safe as a group. Nanami has a much higher rate of fire and muzzle velocity, so she prioritizes the aerial units. Ryouko can target big groups if they're on the ground, so she has priority there, especially if there are any civilians. Whoever isn't taking point, watch our back. I'll help keep an eye out on our flanks, but you two have better instincts, so consider anything from me as an extra bonus. Engaging hostiles will *not* be my priority; if I have cause to start shooting anything, we should all be teleporting out anyway."

Nanami nods.

"My biggest worry is surprise area attacks, especially something like artillery that could catch all three of us in an explosion. Can Kyuubey tell us how likely that is?"

Ryouko turns to him. "Kyuubey?"

"It's probably not something to worry about from most familiars," he says, "but each witch is different. I can say that magical girls have a good record of protecting people they find in labyrinths, but bringing friends into a labyrinth deliberately is not very common. Still, your plan seems well thought out."

Ryouko nods, and looks back at you. "You got all that?"

"I did indeed, thanks," you say, and turn to look at the aerial units, which are flying erratically and sort of taking their good old time getting anywhere. "Nanami, you may fire when ready."

The girl smiles. "Yes ma'am!"

For a while there are only flyers, and Nanami is having most of the fun, rapidly putting holes in the planes. As you move forward, and encounter branches in the hallway canyons, there are assorted boats, trains, and the like.

"Watch out," you exclaim. "Five o'clock, cars driving on the walls."

"That's a little ridiculous," says Ryouko. The cars have are shaped like various stylized animals making funny faces.

"Is it as ridiculous as a castle that thinks it's some sort of an eighteen-wheeler?" asks Nanami, glancing behind her.

"Switch!" says Ryouko. "You're better artillery, you take care of the siege attack."

"I'm sensing a vehicular theme," you observe, as Ryouko's telefrag slices the cars in half and they pile into each other.

"Your computer is right," says Kyuubey, addressing Ryouko and ignoring you. "It's probably why the witch was so hard to track down; it moves more quickly than a normal witch."

The castle lurches and skids, wheels flying apart, clouds of debris shooting out internally, but the implausible structure is still moving towards you faster than ever.

"It won't stop!" says Nanami.

"It's not moving," you realize, "the *space itself* is moving around us."

"Teleport?" asks Ryouko.

"I don't think it'll help," you reply.

Nanami steps in front of you. "Get behind us, then."

The three of you fly along rapidly through an open drawbridge, a gate, and a series of doors.

The witch is a deformed doll, with floppy cloth limbs, and absurd puffs of hair bigger than her head. She's wearing mismatched socks, and just sort of sits in a box and waves an arm, making giant crayons fall from the sky. You scurry out of the way without any trouble.

"Ugh, I *hate* creepy dolls," says Nanami, firing a burst, starting at the center of mass and working her way up to the head.

The witch disintegrates, and the walls fold outwards, settling on the ground with a *boom* as the weird world wobbles and dissolves around you.

"That was … much, much easier than I expected it would be," you say. Ryouko's gem is still at 91%, Nanami's at 87%.

A small black object floats gently to the ground. It is round, rather larger than a soul gem, with a long spike at the bottom, and it balances improbably upon this protrusion.

"A grief seed?" asks Nanami.

"Indeed," says Kyuubey.

"Uh, I guess you should have it, Nanami," says Ryouko, "you ended up doing a lot more work."

"Well, I should hope there's enough for both of us, and some to spare," replies Nanami, detransforming. "Otherwise there's no way we can keep going long term." She holds up the orb to her soul gem, and a cloud of impurities waft away all at once, leaving it bright and shiny.

*Much stronger than a grief cube,* you note to your girl.

Nanami hands the prize to Ryouko, who likewise de-transforms and attends to her own gem. The process does seem rather intuitive. She hands the object back to Nanami when she's done.

"Well. That was … educational," says Ryouko.

"Oh?" enquires Kyuubey.

"Things are slightly different in the future," she says; "usually the team's a bit bigger."

"I see," says Kyuubey. "You certainly take a very professional approach to the matter."

"Thank you," says Ryouko, taking a moment to breathe and relax.

"I suppose we should head back soon," you propose, "and maybe have a bite to eat, before the party and the cake?"

"Yeah, give me a minute here first though," says Nanami, removing a small box from her purse.

"More packaged foods?" you enquire.

"No, just a bad habit," she replies, extracting a long thin cylinder and placing the colored end in her mouth.

"What? Nanami, do you *smoke?*" you exclaim with surprise.

"Yeah, and I *know* it's a bad habit," she says, grumpily, lighting the cigarette with a small jolt of energy from her fingers, "so please, pretty pretty please, don't even start."

"Well, I suppose it's fine," you say, "I mean, your body is definitely able to handle it *now*. But, uh, you know, if you ever want to quit, you should be able to program your implants…"

She cuts you off. "Thanks, but not today. Just, uh, please don't mention it to Hitomi or anything, okay?"

"Okay," says Ryouko. "We won't."

"That's fine, I hear you," you say, giving the girl a little space. You turn, and … something catches your eye in the water of a settling tank.

Oh.

It's the body of a man, floating, face down in the water.

Nanami exhales a cloud of smoke, and Ryouko, curious, watches it rise.

***

**> be Clarisse**

There's a party to get to, but for the moment, you have some time and nothing in particular to do. This seems like an excellent point to reflect, plan, and figure things out. What are your concerns and objectives?

\[ ] Point out the unfortunate dead guy to the other two girls

\[x] Get a quick lunch somewhere on the way home
\- (write in topics of conversation)
\- (write in questions to ask Kyuubey)
\- (write in phone calls to make)

\[x] Attend the little party afterwards
\- (write in topics to converse about/avoid)
\- (write in other objectives, ships to promote/sink, etc)
\- (just a write in extravaganza really)
