# We should do something about the body

*Happy 1 month birthday, thread! I brought cake.*

**\[10] Point out the unfortunate dead guy to the other two girls**

"Oh, goddess."

"What's this now?" asks Nanami.

"I think we were just a little too late, and, well…" You swallow, and turn back to the water.

Ryouko comes over to the railing. "… Oh. Is he a victim of the witch? That's... a real shame," she says, earnestly.

"Whaa?" asks Nanami. "What's going on?"

You raise your hand for her to stop.

"Okay, question for you Nanami, before you go any further. Just how rough of a life have do you have? How much have you seen? And don't answer that, just think about it, because there's a grown man over there who appears to be drowned, and I'm really honestly wondering if we should maybe try to protect your innocence and not let you see, and I don't want it to be patronizing."

Nanami considers, and removes the cigarette from her mouth. "Thanks. And, like, it is what it is, and it's not all that terrible, all right? But, well…" She walks over to the railing by the tank to look, before taking a long, deep drag and letting out another puff of smoke. Her expression is solemn, but steady.

"We should do something about the body," says Ryouko.

"No. Bad idea," says Nanami.

"What do you mean?" asks Ryouko. "It's not right to just leave him there."

"A dead man in the water by himself is an accident, maybe a suicide" says Nanami. "If we take him out of the water, it's a lot more suspicious. If we call the police, it's not just suspicious, it's evidence. And if we're in this business for the long haul, we have to worry about the police accumulating evidence against us. It'll happen whether we like it or not."

"Oh," says Ryouko. "I hadn't thought of it that way."

It occurs to you that Nanami has some experience thinking about the police as an adversary.

"It's a very practical consideration," says Kyuubey. "Sometimes magical girls end up getting into a lot of trouble. Even if they use magic to get out of it, they can't always just return to their everyday life. It's very hard on some of them."

"You know what else we need to do?" says Nanami. "We need to shut down our phones before we go out on patrol, so we don't leave a location history. Maybe even have decoy phones or something, so that no one goes through the data and notices that ours mysteriously turn off every time there's a weird unexplained accident."

**\[8] DON'T take up smoking**
\[4] Ask for a drag because new life experiences

"The *network* is an adversary? Goddess… that's going to take some getting used to." You sigh, and shake your head. "That's a troubling thought. I'm honestly half tempted to hit you up for one of those smokes," you say.

Ryouko suddenly snatches the cigarette out of Nanami's fingers and quickly inhales a deep puff herself.

"Oi, hey!" says Nanami.

"Ryouko!" you exclaim, and snatch the cigarette right out of her mouth and stub it out on the railing. You can tell that she only did it because you said that. "My temptation is not your *license!"*

She coughs, trying not to choke. "Hey, you said…" she coughs, "you said that it would be fine! Implants, right? Besides… new life experiences, and coping, and things."

"Asami would kill me if I let you came back with a smoking habit," you declare. "Hell, the *goddess* might kill me."

"Okay, seriously, you two," interjects Nanami. "It's a filthy habit, don't start. *Also*, these are kind of hard for me to get. I can't just walk into a store and buy them myself, you know?"

"Ah, I'm sorry —" says Ryouko to Nanami.

"It's fine, don't worry about it," she says, turning back to look into the tank. "Just tell me about how our little excursion there was worth the delay."

\[7] Get a quick lunch somewhere on the way home
**\[6] Discuss what happened earlier with Kyouko and Kirika**

"That's a good idea," you say. "We need to talk about that anyway, and we should start heading back."

"Kyuubey," says Nanami, "Thanks a lot for all your help, but I think we're done hunting for the moment. I don't want to keep you if you're busy."

"Oh, it wasn't any bother," says Kyuubey, "and you're welcome. I'll be sure to check in on you later, but it seems that you are in good hands with Ryouko and Clarisse."

"Thanks a lot," Ryouko tells Kyuubey. "You explained everything a lot better than I could have."

"I'll see you around, Ryouko," he says, and scurries off into the distance.

***

The three of you get some takoyaki on the way home; it seems appropriate. You explain to Nanami about Oriko's notoriety as you walk along.

"But supposedly," says Ryouko, "she was trying to work for the greater good, by deliberately being enough of a monster to force people into teaming up against her." She shakes her head. "I mean, from our perspective at least, it seems to have *worked*, but… it really doesn't mean we can trust her in the least."

"A few things, though," you say. "One of them is that Kyouko shouldn't be on her team. Kirika, yes, plus a fire mage, an ice mage, and a little girl with healing powers. If Kyouko is on her team, then things are definitely different, and we can't assume that any of her goals are the same, or her methods."

"Well," says Ryouko, "in our timeline, she burned down Tomoe Mami's apartment, only Kyouko was there as a friend to stop her from, well, going crazy enough to attack a school. Of course, we weren't there at the school, and Homura was … very different."

"Question." says Nanami.

"Yes?" you reply.

"So if Oriko is a notorious villain," she asks, "that's one thing, but is the rest of Mitakihara 2011 actually so important that four hundred years in the future everyone knows the specifics?"

You sigh. "… Kind of? There was sort of a major movie quite recently." That was part of the focus, anyway.

"I see," says Nanami.

"But it's just a movie, definitely not, um, the actual facts as they actually happened," adds Ryouko.

"Oh, well of course not," says Nanami, "that's basically every movie." She considers a few moments. "But Tomoe Mami, and Sakura Kyouko, and Akemi Homura *were* in the movie. Because they're magical girls."

"You know what we need, Ryouko?" you ask, rhetorically. "We either need to work on our plausible deniability, or have full disclosure. At least to people we're going to fight beside."

"Was I in the movie?" asks Nanami.

"No," you tell her. "You were not."

"Because I wasn't a magical girl, in your future?"

"… Probably not," you admit.

"Was *Ryouko* in the movie?" she asks again.

"Not this one," says Ryouko.

"We digress," you interject. "Oriko and her allies may represent a bigger risk to us than the police. We need to model them as a threat, like Nanami did for the police, and devise some plan of how to counter them which is resilient to her knowing about the plan."

"Okay," says Nanami. "So what does Oriko want?"

"Hard to say," you reply. "She probably wants the world to be a better place, but that could mean anything from egalitarian paradise to a dystopia where she's running the show."

"What?" exclaims Nanami. "You think world conquest is on the table?"

"Well, with enough magic," says Ryouko, "she could just live forever, and slowly accumulate power."

"What?!? I thought you needed the nanites to live forever."

"No," says Ryouko, "a lot of the nanites are actually pretty redundant with magic. But they do save on magic."

"We're getting off track again, though," you declare. "Assuming Oriko is our adversary, the specifics of her long term goals may be irrelevant. As soon as we arrived in 2011 she seems to have attacked and harassed Mami, to set her against us. At the very least, she *did not* want us teaming up with Mami, and now, we've seen that she's trying to make sure that Homura is friendless and isolated, one reason that stopping to feed the kitty was important. Beyond that… I think we have to assume that her goal with Mami was to kill Ryouko."

Nanami considers that. "If she knows the future," she asks, "would she also know that I'd wish you back?"

"… Maybe," you say.

"Why would she want that to happen?" asks Ryouko. "What does it mean to her?"

You shrug. "I don't know."

"Well, if she's really operating on that level, do you think we were *meant* to overhear the conversation with Kyouko?" asks Ryouko.

"If she did," you declare, "it would just be because she wants us to second guess ourselves to death."

"Okay then," asks Nanami, "What can she do if she wants to hurt us? Besides just attack us."

"She could… go after our friends," says Ryouko.

You process that idea. If Oriko wanted she could easily get at Madoka, or Yuuka, or … oh. You realize something.

"… Goddess." you declare. "Yuuka still has the ribbon. We need to get that back *as soon as possible*."

"The ribbon?" asks Nanami. "Is it special?"

"Uhh, yes and no? It's, um, it's sort of an artifact of the goddess," says Ryouko, "and we don't really know what it does that's special — well, one or two esoteric things, but, there could be something more."

"I'm calling Yuuka," you say.

"See if she can find a quiet place," says Ryouko, "we'll teleport there to meet her."

***

The three of you appear in the park amidst a quiet grove of trees.

"Ryouko!!!" she exclaims as you materialize, running over to give your girl a big hug. "You're safe …"

Ryouko smiles. "Oh, goodness. Yes, I'm safe."

She lets go of Ryouko and looks at you critically. "Clarisse. You should braid your hair."

"I beg pardon?" you reply.

"The lilac is good though. Much better than green. I mean, imagine if there were three of you all with the same hair color. It'd just be silly. It looks good on you, too."

"Um, thanks?" you reply awkwardly.

She hands Ryouko the ribbon, a serious look on her face. "I'm sorry if I wasn't supposed to take it," she says, "but, well, it was the only thing I had to remind me of, well…"

"Thank you for taking care of it," says Ryouko. "You kept it safe."

She beams. "Yeah, well, it was important."

"Ready to head along to meet the others, then?" asks Ryouko.

Yuuka nodnods.

Ryouko scans the horizon to find the path and get oriented, then stops.

There's a magical girl up ahead, lurking in a playground by the side of the path.

\*On second thought, \*Ryouko sends to Nanami, \*if that's the magical girl Chitose Yuma lying in wait for us up ahead, maybe we can just teleport back home now.

Oh, goddess,\* replies Nanami, *we cut it close here, didn't we?*

"Hey, Yuuka," asks Ryouko, "want to see what it's like to teleport?"

"… Really?" asks Yuuka with wide eyes.

***

You arrive in a nook by Hitomi's driveway.

"Wow," says Yuuka. "That's … It doesn't feel like much, but, we're actually *here…*"

Hitomi greets the three of you, and shows you in from the front door, through the needlessly grand foyer into the kitchen, where Sayaka and Madoka are already waiting. Sayaka is playing with the temptation to cut the cake (a strawberry shortcake) before everyone else is there, but she has stolen a strawberry, and is trying to convince Madoka to steal one too.

Yuuka rushes over to give Sayaka a hug. "We were so worried about you!"

*Huh, that's different,* you observe to Ryouko. *Madoka's wearing yellow ribbons today.*

"Everything's *fine,*" says Sayaka. "Actually, I have more good news, but I kind of want to wait until everyone's here to share it."

Hitomi is filling several narrow champagne flutes with a bottle of lavender-flavored soda, and smiles at Sayaka.

"Ryouko!" calls Sayaka. "It's good to see you again! Come over here and help me steal some cake!"

"What?" asks Ryouko, heading over. "Steal cake? Tempting, but, I'm not entirely sure if that's ethical."

Nanami makes a funny expression while the others are distracted. "Uhm, Clarisse?"

"Yes?" you reply.

"So I've been playing around with these implants," she begins, quietly, "and I think I have a sort of intuitive understanding of their capabilities that the others don't, because it was my wish."

You nod. "That makes some sense."

"So there's a lot of stuff that isn't too useful without future infrastructure, like the VR, but for some of the modules there's a lot of cached data, which I kind of assume was copied from Ryouko, and that's why the face ID / nomenclator unit was able to come up with something on Sakura Kyouko even though we'd never met."

You nod. "That sounds about right."

She gives a sidelong glance over at the other four. "So can you tell me why Madoka is tagged 'Sublime and Merciful?'"

You pause for a second or so.

"Oh dear!" exclaims Hitomi, suddenly. She has spilled quite a bit of the soda.

"Huh? Is something wrong?" asks Madoka.

"I'm fine, just a small spill," she replies, reaching distractedly for a roll of paper towels — and accidentally knocking them onto the floor, making a racket.

"Geez, Hitomi, you okay over there?" asks Sayaka.

"Here, let me help," says Madoka, springing up.

Hitomi just smiles. "Thank you, I think … I think I have it now," she says, wiping up the spill and returning the paper towels to the counter. "If you'll just excuse me a minute, though." She leaves the kitchen, and heads up the stairs, trying her best to stifle a fit of giggles.

"What's? What's that all about?" asks Yuuka. "Madoka-chan… did I say something weird again?"

*I do wish you hadn't asked me that out loud*, you remark to Nanami over a data link.

***

\*\*> party like it's ~~1999~~ 2011

Future Information Disclosure Management:\*\*
\[ ] Explain to Nanami and Hitomi why Madoka is tagged 'sublime and merciful'
\- \[ ] Also explain to Madoka
\-- \[ ] Enquire about Madoka's hair ribbon habits
\- \[ ] Explain to everyone
\[ ] Make up an excuse/story about the tag instead

**Party plots:**
\[ ] Continued indiscriminate hugs
\[ ] Warn Ryouko about Yuuka's interest

\[ ] Raid the liquor cabinet (for seriously this time)
\[ ] Tell the girls about how bad Ryouko is at dating (lordArthas)
\[ ] How does everyone feel about their new bodies? (Crasian01)

\[ ] Interview (character) about (topic) (write-in)
\[ ] Let Yuuka braid your hair

**Strategic initiatives:**
\[ ] (please write in anything all the girls might all need to be warned about)
\[ ] (anyone have Oriko theories?)
