# Everything changed a long time ago, didn't it?

**\[8] Explain to Nanami and Hitomi why Madoka is tagged 'sublime and merciful'**
\[4] Also to Madoka

Hitomi is laughing as she leaves the kitchen and heads up the stairs, an airy, fluttery little "ohoho," in little bursts.

"Well, Nanami," you say, "I think I have some explaining to do."

Nanami follows you out of the kitchen, and you climb the stairs slowly, and knock on Hitomi's bedroom door.

"Hitomi?" you ask. "Are you all right?"

There is a momentary pause. "No, Clarisse, I am not quite all right," she says, pleasantly. "How are you?"

"Aw, jeez," says Nanami. "Hitomi, can we come in?"

She doesn't reply.

"Hitomi?" asks Nanami once more.

"… Fine," she says, "come in, then."

Nanami enters ahead of you. "Are you — Oh, gosh, Hitomi! What's wrong?"

Hitomi's room has a big canopy bed. She's up in the corner, against a bed-post, where she's buried herself in all a pile of blankets. She has a pillow in her arms, which she is holding against her chest.

"What's \*wrong?" \*replies Hitomi. "I don't … don't even know how to *start*, I'm … Everything is out of control, and I'm just not equipped to handle this, okay?"

"Should I leave you two?" you begin.

"No! *You* stay *here*, Clarisse!" says Hitomi, in a demanding tone.

You nod acknowledgement. "Okay."

"So first I met Ryouko. Then I met a magical girl. Then I found out Ryouko was a magical girl too. Then we swore oaths of friendship on the roof, and then my best friend \*died \*and then she came back and now I suddenly have *technology* in my head, and I have two … I have two … Clarisse, I went to Papa's office to check something earlier. Did you know that you and Ryouko have *birth certificates* down there now?"

"No," you said, "I didn't know."

"Well, you two turn 15 in a month," says Hitomi. "Congratulations."

You consider. "That's… interesting. Ryouko's technically fifteen already…"

"So now I've got *two sisters*," says Hitomi, "which is *funny*, since I'm apparently Ryouko's *great grandmother,* too, and she saves the world in the future, and she has a *girlfriend* because that's *okay* in the future, and now… M— Madoka's a *goddess* in the future, isn't she? That's why you didn't want to tell me her name, earlier, but it's why your magic ribbon is exactly like hers."

Nanami turns to look at you with wide eyes and an open mouth.

You take a deep breath. "Yes, but, it's *complicated* —"

"And here I am and all I can think of is … is … " she sputters, and tears run down her face. "is that some day I'm going to have to get *married* and have *babies* and … I'm probably not ready to think about that to begin with, but if Madoka is a *goddess* it's … I feel like we should be together instead, and it feels like you're going to take my best friend away and I'm really, really scared, I don't know if I can face my true feelings, but I guess I'm just terrible and selfish and I just want her all to myself forever…"

You inhale sharply. "Oh g — *goodness*, Hitomi. I'm sorry."

"Why are you even here?" she asks, clutching the pillow tighter than ever. "This is your fault, you and Ryouko, and…"

"No," says Nanami. "No, Hitomi, listen. Some of it's my fault. A lot of it is my fault. The technology stuff, and more."

"I know it's scary, Hitomi, I'm scared too," you tell her. "Really scared. I keep a list in my head of all the things that terrify me since getting here, and it just keeps growing. It's okay to be scared. So I'll tell you what I know about the goddess, okay?"

Hitomi nods, loosening her grip on the pillow.

"So the story is that there was once a very powerful magical girl, who made a wish to save all the other magical girls from a terrible fate, and she left the universe to become their salvation. There was also a girl named Akemi Homura, who claimed to have known the goddess in a past life. She's the only one who remembered this girl, and people sort of just thought that she was crazy for a long time, so she mostly kept quiet about it, except she would always wear the ribbons that the goddess left her, and she'd celebrate the girl's birthday every year on October Third."

Hitomi inhales through clenched teeth, as you mention the date.

"So no one else really believed for a long long time," you continue, "but eventually Homura left on a quest to go find the Goddess again. She left behind one of the ribbons, and one of her friends took it, and … well, she built a temple and people would go there and sometimes they would receive visions of a misty white lady, and they say that no one ever saw her face or knew her name *until* Ryouko, who saw *everything, *and, well, her grandmother's named Kaname Madoka too, and we think *she* knew about the goddess too. And then one day, aliens just attacked Earth itself out of nowhere*,* and *someone* we know stole the ribbon from its case, and tied it on Ryouko's arm. Then we had to fight Homura, or *something*, moments before we came here. The specifics are fuzzy. We might have died."

"Wait," says Nanami, "you fought her in the future? How is she still around … oh, right, the time travel, of course."

"No, not even time travel," you correct her. "She just lived that long."

"Fuck," says Nanami. "Uhm, I mean — I'm sorry, Hitomi."

"Were you going to tell Madoka?" asks Hitomi.

"Well, I was thinking about it …" you begin.

"Don't!" declares Hitomi, sharply.

"I don't know if it's really my place to keep it from her —" you begin.

"Don't you even dare. She'll do it. She'll do it in a heartbeat, and you can't let her. I thought I'd lost Sayaka, and I thought that was too much, but you want to take Madoka, now, too? My best friend? All my *memories* of my best friend?"

"Listen," you tell Hitomi, "we won't take anyone anywhere — this isn't *our* past, okay? Not like we knew it, anyway. If Madoka were going to be a goddess, she'd be one already, she wouldn't exist, she wouldn't be going to middle school. The Homura from our 2011 is really, really intense and serious all the time, nothing like the one we met. Sakura Kyouko — you didn't meet her, but Nanami saw — she never collaborated with Mikuni Oriko, and Tomoe Mami never attacked a middle school, and Miki Sayaka… well, I might as well say it, Sayaka died young and *stayed dead*. Everything's different now. You don't have any fate or destiny to get married to anyone. Love anyone you want. Well, the last one might be hard, though, and of course it's up to them love you back" — you refrain from looking at Nanami, but you can see she noticed that one — "but, you can build your own future, follow your own dreams, okay?"

Nanami closes her eyes, and nods quietly.

Hitomi puts aside the pillow, and scoots to the edge of the bed.

"I don't have dreams to follow like that," she says. "Okay? I just try my hardest to be a good person, and be thankful for what I have, and to keep my Papa happy. I have so much already; demanding more would be… selfish." She sighs. "This *whole conversation* is a selfish indulgence. I need to be taking care of everyone downstairs."

"It's not too selfish," says Nanami, quietly. "You're too hard on yourself, Hitomi."

Hitomi takes a few deep breaths, then turns to Nanami, with a big bright smile.

"I'm sorry you had to see that, Nanami," says Hitomi, cheerfully. "Don't worry, though. It'll be fine. Now I've got to go be a good host." She hops off the bed. "Won't you two please join me downstairs? I'm sure we're all going to have a lot of fun," she declares.

"What?!?" asks Nanami. "Hitomi, you can't just say all that and then act like you're fine —"

"Oh, but can't I?" she asks, with a little giggle. "You underestimate me."

You add a small something to your list of things that terrify you.

Nanami looks worried. "… Come on, Clarisse," she says, "we should go make sure she's okay."

\[6] Warn Ryouko about Yuuka's interest
\[6] Tell the girls about how bad Ryouko is at dating.
\[1] Warn Yuuka about Ryouko's girlfriend

Following Hitomi downstairs, you find that Wakaba has arrived, that the cake has been cut and carried over into the next room, on the coffee table, and that Ryouko is relaxing on the floor, lying back and enjoying the texture of the plush rug. Yuuka is sitting at her head, placing small pieces of cake in Ryouko's mouth with her fingers.

"Sorry that took so long," says Hitomi. "I had to take care of something upstairs unexpectedly."

"Oh, wow," says Wakaba. "Is that Clarisse?"

You bow. "It's a pleasure to meet you in person, Wakaba-chan."

"Oh my gosh you look just like Ryouko," she says.

"Well, yes," you say. "I'm, um, flattered…"

"So Sayaka!" interrupts Nanami. "What's this big news you were talking about?"

"Oh! Yeah, come on, spill the beans," says Wakaba.

"Uhm," she begins, blushing. "It's not *that* big a deal, okay? It's just…" she pauses. "I was over at the hospital, right, and since I was there I thought I'd stop by and say Hi to Kyousuke, and he said he'd been really worried about me, and that my visits meant a lot to him, and then he kind of sort of, um, \*confessed \*to me, and, um, we're kind of a couple —" She pauses, blushing.

"Oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh," says Yuuka. "I'm so happy for you, Sayaka!!"

"H-hey!" says Sayaka. "Don't tease!"

"She's not teasing, Sayaka," says Madoka. "I'm happy for you too."

"I don't think we're allowed to tease if none of us have boyfriends of our own," says Wakaba. "You have obtained immunity."

"Hey, now," says Nanami. "I'm sure we'll think of something. We just need to ask for juicy gossip about what the kissing is like." She smirks.

"K-kissing?!" stutters Sayaka.

"Sayaka," you say, "my sincere congratulations, and the best of luck."

"Well, thanks, Clarisse," she replies.

"Dating is hard work," you continue, "and since you have such good friends, you should all try to rely on each other for support if you can."

Yuuka nods.

"Everyone?" asks Wakaba. "Does that mean you're offering advice?"

You smirk. "Soliciting, actually. Ryouko's *really bad* at dating. Hopeless."

"Huh?" she asks, suddenly. "But I'm — come on, I'm not *that* bad!"

"A simple demonstration," you propose. "You're flirting with Yuuka right this very moment, and you don't even realize it."

"F-flirting?!?" asks Ryouko, sitting up with a start, and a shocked look on her face. "Huh?"

"W-what?!?" says Yuuka, backing off as well. "We're - we're not…"

"I — I was just babying her," says Yuuka. "I didn't mean…"

"Oh my gosh," says Sayaka. "You two are like mirror images of each other right now."

They're both blushing furiously, and are in similar postures of embarrassment and retreat.

"Oh. Oh no," says Wakaba, hand on her forehead. "It's not just Hitomi. Destiny has reached across the stars to reassemble *all of us* into Ryouko. With our powers combined, she's like… Hitomi-doka-nami-kaba-sayuuka."

"What? No!" you exclaim. "I really don't think that's —"

"Oh goddess," interrupts Ryouko, "the genetic engineering…"

"… likely entirely unrelated," you insist.

"Genetic engineering?" asks Wakaba.

"Fuck," says Nanami.

Ryouko shrugs. "My life these days is a series of messed up conspiracy theories made real. I just sort of assume the worst when these things come up now, just to be on the safe side."

"Um, I was actually kind of joking," says Wakaba. "I'm sorry …"

Madoka looks distraught.

"No, I'm sorry," says Ryouko, "for getting everyone mixed up in this mess."

"Right," says Wakaba nervously, "the nano implants…"

"Sayaka, you said you were at the hospital," you note, "did they take blood samples or anything?"

"Y — Yes?" She swallows.

"Did they say they found anything unusual?" you ask.

"No… they said the results would take a while …"

You sigh. "Well, they probably don't have tests to detect nanites in the bloodstream. Probably. But try not to get any full body scans, okay?"

"Oh gosh," says Wakaba. "We're a conspiracy theory now, aren't we."

**\[5] Warn the girls that there are couple of dangerous magical girls in the area and that they should be careful. If they encounter a magical girl they should immediately contact you or Ryouko using their implants.**
\[1] Share information, visual especially, about important magical girls in 2011 Mitakihara
\[3] Share movie
\[2] Share grandma's vision

"It's worse than just that," you declare, "we're also being targeted."

"What?!?" asks Sayaka. "How?"

"There's another team of magical girls in town, and they are up to something, and we don't know what it is, but you are not safe. I think they targeted Mami and tricked her into thinking we were enemies, then we spotted them going after Homura, and there was even one in the park when we met Yuuka. If you see one, stay quiet, and contact Ryouko or me immediately. If you give me a minute, I'll send you profiles, so you can recognize them."

A hush falls over the group.

"Why?" asks Madoka, breaking the silence. "Shouldn't magical girls fight for love and justice?"

"They're like … *dark* magical girls," says Wakaba.

"That's scary," says Yuuka.

The room is quiet for a moment.

"Well, anyway, about the first thing…" begins Wakaba.

**\[8] How does everyone feel about their new bodies? (Crasian01)**

You nod to Wakaba. "Well, we'll need to be careful, but… well, besides that, how does everyone feel about what's happened to them?" you ask.

"… I'm trying not to think about it," says Sayaka. "I mean, it's better than ending up dead, but…"

"It's not that bad," says Madoka. "I think it's sort of like having superpowers, just, really quiet ones."

"It's supposed to keep us alive and a lot healthier for a lot longer, right?" asks Wakaba.

You nod in reply.

"I think the real difference," says Yuuka, quietly, "is that we have a secret. We're the only ones who know about all the stuff that's been happening lately. It's like everyone else is living in a totally different world than we are."

Wakaba nods. "Everything changed a long time ago, didn't it? And all of us should've figured that out sooner."

"Hitomi?" asks Ryouko.

You realize Hitomi has been keeping quiet the whole conversation.

"… I'm fine, really," she says. "Don't worry about me."

"Oh, no," says Wakaba. "You have more to deal with than any of us, Hitomi, Ryouko's your family…"

"I thought you said she was *everyone's* family," objects Yuuka.

"Well, even more so than us!"

Hitomi looks a little uncomfortable with this line of conversation. She hides it well, but you're getting better at spotting the signs.

You add a point to the conversation, in hopes of distraction. "On the topic of having to deal with things, I should like to point out that I'm not actually human. Or, well, wasn't."

"… What's it like?" asks Sayaka, earnestly.

You pause. Oh, goddess.

"I'm not used to it," you say, "I get all these emotions now, not that I *didn't* get them before, but, well, they sweep me away much more than they used to, and I don't know how to deal with them all the time, and, I think I'm flightier and chattier and downright hyperactive sometimes, especially when I *think* about myself, and I don't know if that's me changing, or just because I have a new way to interact with the world now, but either way I worry that I'm not able to do as good of a job at what I'm s-supposed to be doing, and… and I'm afraid that Ryouko and I will … "

You stop, as Ryouko stands up from her seat on the floor and offers you a big hug.

"It's okay," says Ryouko. "It'll be okay. I told you before. You do a very good job of watching out for me, you've earned a little bit of me watching out for you." She squeezes extra hard, and squeezes your hand as well.

You close your eyes and smile. "Okay, I have to admit, I like being able to do this part, myself."

Yuuka springs to her feet as well, and approaches you from behind. "More hugs! Look, we're a sandwich!"

"… Thanks, Yuuka," you say.

"No problem!" she replies.

"Uhm, can you let me go, though?" you ask. "I was going to send you guys something, and this is nice but it's a bit of a distraction." You're going to prepare a little facial-recognition cache update, adding some notes, and it's going to totally *erase* 'Sublime and Merciful'. "Hey, Yuuka, I have an idea. Remember how in the park you said I should braid my hair? Can you braid it, and show me what you were thinking of?"

"Oh, okay!" says Yuuka. "If you ever need fashion advice, you can ask me, I'm full of good ideas."

\[6] Let Yuuka braid your hair
**\[5] Enquire about Madoka's hair ribbon habits**

"Speaking of which," you enquire, "I liked the ribbons you were wearing the other day, Madoka."

"Huh? she asks, startled.

"The red ones," you clarify.

"Oh, yeah," she says. "My mom picked them out. Everyone likes them better than the yellow ones, I just couldn't find them this morning."

"Oh," you say, and wonder if they might have been stolen.

**> be Clarisse**

It's the afternoon, and getting later!

Upcoming events of note:
\- Hitomi is likely to leave for her dance lessons before too long.
\- Hitomi's papa will be here this evening.

**Party plots party plots?**

\[ ] Tell Madoka everything (and incur Hitomi's wrath)
\[ ] Try to ship Hitomi and Madoka
\[ ] Try to ship Hitomi and Nanami
\[ ] Try to be Nanami's Hitomi
\[ ] (write in something)

Any questions, warnings, tasks for any of the girls about anything?
Any designs on the Shizuki liquor cabinet?
Any other ships to float or sink?

**Post party plot prep?**
\[ ] Burn the birth certificates before Ryouko can see?
\[ ] Infiltrate the police department to recover the body?
\[ ] Make threatening phone calls to Oriko?
\[ ] (No seriously. We could use some real high-level goals as write-ins.)
