# people die when they are killed

\[1] ask the group about dreams
\[2] Sinks ships heading toward Ryouko

Besides Yuuka, there doesn't seem to be anyone else who is trying to get really close to Ryouko, and, well, if Yuuka herself is as oblivious about things as your girl is, then maybe it was all accidental? It's a little difficult to believe when it's not Ryouko herself doing it… But then, Wakaba had joked about Ryouko being the fusion of the other six girls, which *should* be a ridiculous assertion, but given her past and her heritage and her wish and an eternal goddess capable of manipulating fate, it's actually half plausible just as an exercise in divine nostalgia. You're not entirely sold, though, and even if true it's probably unrelated to the genetic engineering. Probably.

Ryouko entertains the group with hair-control practice while Hitomi plays the cheerful host — you assume she's still invisibly sulking, though. You'd try to cheer her up but this doesn't seem the best time for you to do so; you're a source of her stress.

"More cake, anyone?" asks Hitomi.

"Clarisse, you haven't had any yet!" Yuuka says, putting down your hair for a moment to pass you a piece.

"Oh, thanks," you say.

"Hitomi," says Madoka, "you haven't had any either."

"Oh, well," says Hitomi, "I suppose I haven't."

"Don't forget to have fun at your own party, now," chides Madoka.

Hitomi smiles warmly. "I suppose that wouldn't do." She gets herself a plate of cake and sits down next to Madoka on the couch.

You finish savoring your piece. "These strawberries are very good," you opine.

"Here, have another," says Yuuka. "I'm almost done."

\*Mmf! \*you remark internally.

Ryouko looks at you quizzically.

*I was going to say that I was nearly done myself, but there is cake in my mouth, and it's weird!* you explain. \*This never used to happen.

You're allowed to swallow, you know,\* responds Ryouko, smiling externally.

*But I need to savor the taste!*

Ryouko suppresses a grin. "Yuuka, be sure you leave Clarisse some room to breathe. She's new to this whole cake-eating business."

"Oh! I'm sorry," she apologizes.

You finally swallow.

"I was about to say that I'm almost done with those notes, myself."

"Well, I'm done with your hair," declares Yuuka. "Ah, Hitomi, do we have a mirror so she can see the back?"

"That won't be necessary," you say, "Ryouko can show me. Ryouko, you can be the Best Mirror Ever, or something."

You turn your head and focus on what your girl is seeing. Yuuka's handiwork is actually fairly elaborate. She's put all of your hair into three braids, but then looped them up to join themselves at the base of your hairline, where they are secured with a thin white ribbon. Two of the braids also extend forward from there to your ears.

"See, the loops are playful," she explains. "They're sort of like pigtails, but more mature, and they also say that you're incredibly neat and like to have everything under control."

"Thank you," you say, contemplating it. "It's quite nice." You ponder for a moment. "Say, Yuuka… did you just happen to have this ribbon with you?"

She nodnods. "I brought it for you!"

Ryouko smiles. "It looks good on you, Clarisse."

"Now *Ryouko*, on the other hand," Yuuka continues, "I hate to say it but the red ribbon does *not* suit you at all."

"Oh. Well, it's a magic ribbon, and, um, I think I'm supposed to be taking care of it," she explains. "It's better than tying it around my wrist at least, I hope?"

Yuuka frowns. "Well, if you want to make it work with your hair color, you're going to need more red in your outfit somewhere. You should carry a red purse, or maybe wear red shoes, or red socks, or a red bracelet, or something, because it's just a teeny little bit of red and it gets lost in that ocean of hair. Now, the school uniform has a red bow in the front, at least, so that helps."

Ryouko nods. "Thanks. That makes sense; I'll do that."

"Yuuka's really good at this stuff," says Sayaka. "She does character design as a hobby."

"Character design?" you enquire.

"Yeah, like sketchbooks and stuff," says Sayaka.

"This isn't character design, though," says Yuuka, "it's just fashion. Character design is when I talk about the symbolism of her hair."

"Her hair is symbolic?" asks Wakaba.

Yuuka looks at Wakaba with wide eyes, and speaks in a low and eerie voice. "Her hair is like an ocean, or a river… turbulent and flowing, like the wild eddies of time and fate, chaotic, untamed, untamable, inevitable, an irresistible torrent. It overwhelms her." Her eyes seem to flash golden for just a moment. Then, suddenly, she blinks, and shakes her head.

The entire room stares at Yuuka.

"Uhm…" begins Sayaka, uncomfortable.

Yuuka looks around at each of you, taking stock of your reactions. "What? … I said something weird again, didn't I?" she asks, distraught.

"Yeah," says Sayaka, "you could say that."

"Not gonna lie, Yuuka," says Nanami, that was *super freaky."*

"Yuuka, are you all right?" asks Madoka.

"I — I think I'm fine?" says Yuuka, nervously.

"Oh, goddess," remarks Ryouko, "I need a haircut…"

"That was rather Delphic of you, Yuuka," says Wakaba.

"Huh?" asks Yuuka. "I … wait, what did I say?"

"Symbolism issues notwithstanding," you say, "I think that Ryouko should keep wearing the ribbon. It seems safe there, and no one ends up uttering Delphic prophecies like one possessed."

"Wait, I did what?" asks Yuuka, distraught.

"Don't worry, it's okay," you reassure her. "You did nothing wrong, there's just some lingering magic."

"Oh," says Yuuka, looking nervous still.

"It's fine, it's fine," reassures Nanami. "And no teasing her about it, understand?"

"I wasn't going to tease!" says Wakaba, shaking her head.

"You either, Sayaka," says Nanami.

"I wasn't either!" retorts Sayaka.

"Don't worry. It'll be fine, Yuuka," says Madoka.

Hitomi nods. "Take deep breaths."

"Okay," says Yuuka.

"So *speaking* of lingering magic," you continue, "has anyone else had any strange dreams recently?"

"Uhm…" Madoka raises a hand timidly. "I guess I had a really weird dream a few days ago, right before I met you."

"Would you feel comfortable talking about it?" you enquire.

"Well, I don't remember it very well," she apologizes, "I just remember… Miss Akemi was there, and… I had to say goodbye to her to do something important. The weird thing is, that was before I met her in person, and it was a really scary dream… Do you think it means something?"

Wakaba's eyes go wide. "That sounds like what Homura said! She was talking about fighting a monster and… sort of implied you might have died. But, like, there were some pretty major distractions after that. Your dream might have been some sort of memory from the future."

Hitomi squeezes Madoka's hand; the girl is looking a little lost.

"That's right!" says Ryouko. "I'd forgotten that!"

"We were distracted too," you note. "Homura was saying things about magic, and pulled us into everything, and we were just trying to cover for ourselves and keep everything secret, and then she did a *demonstration*, which was a distraction, and I guess our story just sort of overwhelmed hers. But she said something about half of downtown getting blown up."

"Oh, fuck," says Nanami.

Yuuka stares with wide, wide eyes.

Sayaka shakes her head. "Wow. I guess this is what it's like being mixed up in magical girl stuff, huh."

"This is actually much, much worse than usual," says Ryouko. "I blame Oriko."

"Who's Oriko?" asks Wakaba.

***

You send the girls the facial recognition data updates for their nomenclators, and notes to go with it, but you can't really present from those, so you make use of the television. You've worked out how to send pictures by directing an RF broadcast on a disused channel just next to the radio spectrum.

"So these three are Hinata Aina, Miroko Mikuru, and Kure Kirika" you tell them. "Fire magic, ice magic, and *claws that rend*. They're vigilantes, a law unto themselves: unstable at best, and potentially quite violent and sadistic. If you spot them, contact Ryouko, Nanami, or me, by any means possible, then try to leave quietly. In the case of Hinata-san, she's got a real warped sense of justice, so be careful that you don't break any laws, even *jaywalking*, or she might use it as an excuse to kill you."

Sayaka tilts her head, and makes a frowning face. "That *is* warped."

"The other two have fewer compunctions. They're stronger and faster than you, and they have magic, so you're likely to lose any fight, but they're not likely to make a big scene in public, so stay with a crowd if you can. In an emergency, you should hear a voice in your head offering you Emergency Mode, which will let you go all out to try and escape, and buy yourself a little more time. The good news is, you're probably not at risk if you're not a magical girl."

"Well, that's a relief," says Wakaba.

"The real mastermind is Mikuni Oriko," you continue. "She's apparently in Hitomi's tea ceremony classes, which is something we'll need to figure out. She's the most dangerous, but you're likely to walk away from her because she seldom acts directly. She prefers running the show from the shadows. Her magic lets her predict the future." You change the picture. "This little girl is Chitose Yuma, who's actually quite nice and turns good, but Oriko knows how to manipulate her. She's got a hammer and some healing powers. The redhead with the spear is Sakura Kyouko, and she's the one I don't understand. She's clearly working with Oriko, which is grossly at odds with my understanding of their history."

"Actually," notes Ryouko, "we haven't seen that Yuma is working with Oriko. We haven't seen Hinata-san or Miroko-san either."

"That's true," you note. "We can't take that for granted. On the other hand, we *also* need to play it safe."

"That's a lot of magical girls," says Nanami. "We're outnumbered, three to one."

"Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum," says Sayaka.

"What?" asks Ryouko.

"Pirate song," says Wakaba. "Don't worry about it."

You nod. "The point stands, though. Regardless of whatever looming disaster, we need to even the odds. That starts with finding Homura."

**\[7] Find Homura**

"I agree," says Ryouko. "This needs to be our top priority."

"What happened to her, anyway?" asked Wakaba. "We heard the explosions up on the roof, and I assumed it was a monster attack because of the timing, so Sayaka found a baseball bat from goodness knows where, then Homura grabbed it, and I followed her up to the roof, and then you and her *vanished*."

"Right," said Sayaka, "she came running by downstairs, and I *knew* something was going down, so I ran after and followed her outside, and … it gets really fuzzy after that."

"What made you think it was a good idea to rush *towards* the danger?" asks Nanami.

"Umm — I don't know, it just seemed like the right thing to do!"

"Yeah," says Wakaba, "that's basically Sayaka in a nutshell."

"With all due respect, Sayaka," says Nanami, "that was the stupidest thing you ever did. You literally got yourself killed."

… "Wait, what?!?" asks Sayaka. "I thought… they just said I'd been missing!"

"Well, what did you expect them to say?" asks Nanami. "People die when they are killed, you know. They don't usually come back afterwards."

"Hitomi didn't say, either!"

"I'm not sure we'd made her quite clear on that point yet," you interject. "If anything, it's our fault. Hitomi did nothing wrong."

"Okay," says Sayaka. "So I died… does that make me some kind of zombie?" She shudders.

"Cyborg zombie," says Wakaba. "Pirate cyborg zombie, in your case. For Ryouko, time traveling magical girl cyborg zombie clone."

"You know what?" says Ryouko. "I'm okay with that."

Sayaka breathes deeply. "Okay. I *guess* there's worse."

"It'll be okay, Sayaka," says Madoka. "We're all in this together."

"Right," says Sayaka. "All for one, and one for all, huh?"

Wakaba nods. "Right! Pirate cyborg zombie musketeer."

Yuuka smiles. "I'm just glad you're okay, Sayaka!"

"Pirates aside," you enquire, "what have they been saying about the school on the news?"

"Well, they think that it was a bombing," says Wakaba, "and that it was either a terrorist group, or a student. They're investigating. Also, they say that school didn't have a very good emergency plan. Everyone was out walking around between classes, and the evacuation was chaos."

"Sayaka," you ask, "you had to talk to the police earlier today, right? What did you tell them?"

"Uhm, well, actually," she says, with a sly grin, "I sorta told them the truth."

"You did *what?!?"* exclaims Nanami.

"Sort of! I told them I had been out with the new transfer student all day," says Sakaya, "and when the explosions happened, she ran off in a panic, and I was worried and chased after her. I told them I didn't remember much about what happened after that, and that for all I knew about it, it could have been magical girls fighting monsters up there on the roof."

"I see," you say.

"Yeah, well, I thought it was pretty clever," said Sayaka. "It's one thing to lie yourself out of a tricky situation, and another to *truth* your way out."

"Well, don't let it go to your head," says Nanami, "but yeah, that's kind of clever."

"Thank you," says Sayaka.

You frown. "I guess that works, but we can't all use that story, or they'll start to get suspicious. They won't suspect magical girls, but they'll suspect that we're hiding something."

"Oh," says Sayaka.

"It's fine, though," you affirm. "They probably have more questions for you than the rest of us, since you were missing. Just keep it in mind if you end up answering questions, all right? And you can coordinate with the rest of us. Just call us."

"Right," giggles Madoka. "Pirate zombie cyborg telephone."

"No, you're mixing up the order," says Wakaba.

"Cyborg telephones aside," you say, steering the conversation back to serious matters, "you told them that Homura ran off?"

Sayaka nods. "They told me they checked up on her at home, afterwards, and she was safe."

You nod. "And the rest of you said you saw her afterwards?"

"Yeah," says Madoka. "I think she was following us, but didn't want to get too close. Whenever we noticed her, she disappeared again."

Ryouko nods. "When we met Kirika and Kyouko earlier, Kyouko had just told her that her friends were looking for her, and she disappeared before we could meet her. If she was afraid already, they must have been trying to make her more afraid. Or at least keep her that way."

"But why is she afraid?" asks Madoka.

"I bet she thinks it's all her fault," says Ryouko. "She blames herself for it all, and thinks she got several people killed by mistake."

"… did she?" asks Wakaba.

"It's not really her fault," says Ryouko. "Homura did nothing wrong."

"I don't quite know about that," you say. "But, yes. I'd guess that Oriko wants her jumpy so that we can't get close to her, which is why she sent Kyouko earlier to … make vague threats, or something, and the reason that she tricked Tomoe Mami into attacking us to begin with. Divide and conquer. She doesn't even need to do any fighting, she just lets us take each other out." You sigh.

"Hey, Madoka," says Ryouko. "Do you happen to know a little black kitten named Amy?"

"Amy?" asks Madoka.

You put the kitten up on the screen.

"Oh!" exclaims Madoka. "I think I've seen her around the school! Is that her name?"

"Homura seems to think so," says Ryouko. "I think she also remembers taking care of this kitten with you."

Madoka shakes her head. "She's way too shy and runs away from everyone. It must have been in the future."

"Wait, how do you know what Homura remembers?" asks Sayaka.

"Well," you say, "she was talking to the kitty, and calling it the best cat in the whole world. People do silly things like that around cats. But she disappeared before we could get close."

"Madoka — do you think you can help? We could visit Homura and bring a care package for Amy."

"Huh?" asks Madoka. "Uhm… maybe."

"It would really help a lot," says Ryouko.

"Well… she *is* a pretty cute kitten," says Madoka.

***

\[2] Make sure that Hitomi is okay, and make \*absolutely certain \*that she knows that she can rely on Ryouko and Clarisse.

Hitomi needs to get to get ready for class, and most of the group disperses, with Madoka lingering around to plan Operation Kitten with Ryouko, who seems eager to make up for her own mistake earlier. The pair remains downstairs, and you follow Hitomi.

"Hitomi?" you ask, catching up with her in the hallway outside her room.

"Yes, Clarisse?" she asks, politely.

"I just wanted to let you know… I'm sorry that we're making you deal with so much stuff all at once, and I'm worried for you. And maybe we're not really sisters, and none of us asked for this, and it's all crazy magic… but, one way or another, we *are* family. So you can rely on Ryouko and me, okay? I promise you. You're important to both of us. We'll be there for you."

Hitomi pauses for a moment, closes her eyes, and nods. "Thanks, Clarisse. I guess … well, that means a lot. But for now, I just need a little bit of space, and some normal time by myself at dance class, okay?"

You nod. "Okay. I understand. And thank you for everything. Especially your patience with our craziness."

She opens her eyes again, and smiles. "You're quite welcome, Clarisse."

***

You and Ryouko will be proceeding to Homura's place on foot with Kaname Madoka, the merciful (if not quite Sublime). Madoka will bring a basket, full of kitty things, and in case Homura's not there, she's prepared a notecard with the name Amy, a picture of the kitten, and lots of hearts. Ryouko's taken some of Yuuka's fashion advice, and has switched into some red shoes so that the ribbon is not quite so overwhelmed.

Before you leave, a few quick things…

\[2] Shizuki mansion defensibility check-in (short version)

The Shizuki house has way too much glass to be properly defensible. Velociraptors could just jump in through the windows in almost any room. Hitomi's bedroom has a balcony and windows on *three sides*, and while yours only has them on one side, the hallways are also full of windows.

\[1] check our possessions

Nanami is taking care of a single grief seed. You have your Self, and Best Girl. Between the two of you, you have a pair of large school bags with school welcome materials, the spare clothes from Hitomi's closet, a fairly generous amount of cash money, and a small shoulder bag to carry things in. You and Ryouko both have ribbons in your hair; yours was a present from Yuuka, while Ryouko's was stolen from the temple of hope. You have also entrusted a wicker basket to Madoka.

***

**> hang out with Madoka**

She seems nice, and is definitely important in *your* universe. Maybe she's important here too? This is an excellent opportunity to get to know her better. She'll no doubt have questions for you as well, but is there anything important we need to know or talk about?

\[ ] Ask Madoka specific questions **(write in!)**
\[ ] Explain in advance exactly why the kitty is a cyberninja
\[ ] Talk about magic
\[ ] Talk about the future and what it's like

The goddess is notorious for relationship advice.
\[ ] Talk about relationships, and love
\- \[ ] and Sayaka's boyfriend
\- \[ ] and Hitomi's crush
\- \[ ] and Nanami's crush
\- \[ ] and Yuuka's maybe-crush?
\- \[ ] and Ryouko's girlfriend

\[ ] Ask her metaphysical questions about being a goddess
\[ ] Return the ribbon to Madoka's head
