# Desiderium

*Apologies for the delay, had unexpected washing machine repair issues this weekend! I had to wait around with the repairman making lots of noise with a ShopVac, replacing hoses, and planning to replace the floor in the closet, and there's still a problem, and he thinks the machine's pumping water out faster than the drain can handle it, so I had to go somewhere else to finish laundry. It wasn't a very productive day for writing, in the end.*

You set out from home with a cheery Madoka, who claims to know exactly where to stop for pet supplies, and it's even on the way to Homura's place so you won't have to carry things very far. The warm orange glow of the afternoon sun paints the streets and sidewalks.

"If I tell you something," asks Madoka, "promise not to laugh?"

Ryouko gives you a quick look. "We promise," she says.

"This here," says Madoka, "just walking along with you two, and going to see Homura… it feels like something I've wanted for a long time. Which is weird, you know, since we just met each other. "

Ryouko chuckles. "I guess I sort of made a big impression up there on the roof."

"That's one way to put it," you add.

"Well, that's the thing, though, it's only been two days since you showed up here," says Madoka. "It feels like I've known you forever, though."

"Yeah," says Ryouko, "I know what you mean. I feel the same way too."

"I guess maybe that's how it is with magic, though," says Madoka.

"What do you mean?" you ask.

"Maybe we're all just meant to be here," proposes Madoka, "and it's magic that made it happen."

"Ryouko gets mixed up in a lot of fate, and plots, and things," you say. "I'd be more surprised to learn that we *weren't* supposed to be here than the other way around."

Ryouko laughs. "Yeah, I suppose I'm mixed up in everything. It's actually a little frustrating having a lot of stuff going on around me, and knowing it's for a reason, but not understanding why."

You cross an overpass over the highway, rows of cars swishing by underneath.

**\[6] Talk about relationships, and love
-\[5] and Ryouko's girlfriend**

"It's hard on Asami, too," you add.

"Asami?" asks Madoka.

Ryouko nods. "She's my girlfriend. We went through magical girl training together."

"Oh!" says Madoka. "Do we get to meet her too, or is she still in the future?"

"We, uh, don't actually know," says Ryouko.

"Oh," says Madoka. "Oh, I see what you mean about it being frustrating, I guess."

**-\[5] and Sayaka's boyfriend**

"Not to be too much of gossip," you enquire, "but who's this boy that confessed to Sayaka?"

"Oh!" says Madoka, "Kamijo-san. They've been friends for a long time, since Sayaka was really little. He's been having a hard time, though. He was in a bad car accident a little while ago, and so she's been seeing him at the hospital for the past month. She goes over there all the time, and brings him CDs to listen to."

"A whole month?" asks Ryouko. "Wow, that is serious."

"The hard part for him is that he hurt his hand," says Madoka, "and, well, he was a really serious musician, and his hand is badly hurt, so they don't know whether he'll be able to do that any more."

You sort through Ryouko's memories for something. It's not there. Oh, right. It was in the vision of Yuma's memories, a violin concert by a local prodigy, attacked by a horde of demons…

"Is he by chance a violinist?" you enquire.

"Mmm-hmm!" says Madoka. "And he's really good. He actually did a guest performance with the Tokyo Philharmonic last year where he had a solo, and it was on TV and everything."

"I see," you say. "It's his dream at stake, too."

"That's … really sad," says Ryouko. She stops, and stares at the ground.

"Ryouko-chan?" asks Madoka.

"I just remembered something," she says. "The other really sad thing. We forgot about the old lady. Akiyuki-san. Sayaka was going to help, but she couldn't, could she? After all that we just left her there after all…"

Madoka smiles, and shakes her head, putting down the basket for a moment to take Ryouko's hand.

"No," she says. "It's okay. Wakaba reminded us, and I told my dad. After everything that happened, it was the least that I could do." She tilts her head to the side a little, looking at Ryouko and smiling.

Ryouko doesn't quite seem to know what to say to that, but it's warmed her heart.

"Thank you, Madoka," you tell Madoka. "That's very kind of you."

"It's nothing, really," she insists, standing back up and adopting her serious face. "If magical girls like Ryouko and Nanami are out there fighting to keep people safe, then this is the least I can do. It's nothing at all, next to saving the whole world."

"No," says Ryouko, "that's not right. I mean… saving the world is important, but, the small things are important too. Friends. Kittens. They have to be. Otherwise, how would we keep going?"

\[3] Explain in advance exactly why the kitty is a cyberninja

"You're helping us a whole lot right now, too," you add. "See, we met Amy outside the school, but she … well, she got into an accident. It was very sad. But I think Nanami's wish brought her back to life, and now she has a place to stay."

"It was my fault," says Ryouko. "I should have been more careful."

"It's not your fault," you reiterate to her, "it was an accident. Besides, Madoka's helping us make it all better." You turn to face Madoka. "Thank you," you say. "It means a lot. Really."

Madoka closes her eyes again, and smiles, this time for herself. "You're welcome, Clarisse," she says.

"Anyway," you continue, "I also wanted to warn you not to be surprised if the kitty starts sending us texts asking for *tuna feast in gravy*. It's quite normal, for the future."

"What?" asks Madoka. "Really? You have kitties that can talk to you?"

"Of course," says Ryouko, proudly. "We have *lots* of cool stuff in the future."

***

Madoka tries to get your input on kitten fashion, but you don't have much to offer, so you wait at the front of the pet store while Ryouko follows her through the aisles, and you observe the animals.

There are several open-top enclosures with glass walls: one with several rabbits, who are cuddling up against each other, another with hamsters, who are a little more active and a third with several peach-faced lovebirds. You pause a moment at this one.

"Can I help you with anything?" asks a friendly voice.

You turn to face the stranger. She appears to be an employee, wearing an apron with the store logo on it, "Friendly Paws", with an outline of a kitten's footprint, but all the toe-beans replaced with heart shapes.

"Oh, no," you say, "I'm just waiting for my friends."

She nods. "Oh, that's fine."

"I was curious about why the birds don't fly away," you say, "but I suppose that their wings must have been clipped."

"Yes, they do that to all the birds," she says. "Far too much trouble if they got out. It's just the feathers, though. They grow back in a few months after they molt."

That seems adequately humane, at least by contemporary standards. "Is that what this guy in the corner here is doing, molting?" you ask, pointing at a bedraggled looking creature.

"No," says the employee. "That's actually a little sad. They sold her mate about two weeks ago, and she's just sort of been sulking ever since."

"Oh," you say. "You don't sell pairs together?"

"No. We really should, but, well, I'm just here part time, so I don't get to decide things like that. But it's cruel just to split them up. It's stupid. We won't be able to sell her now, and her mate is probably doing just as poorly, and probably won't last very long *either*, and then what do you have? An unhappy customer who won't buy from us ever again, and two dead birds. It's such a waste."

"That's… pretty sad," you say. It's very twenty-first century.

"I almost just want to take her home with me," she says, "just so she has it easier for her last few months. I mean, this is a terrible habitat for birds. It's a lot less crowded than in some pet stores, but, it's way too low. Birds belong up in the trees. When everyone walks by towering above them, it stresses them out." She sighs. "But you can't take all the animals home, as much as you want to."

You nod. "I think one stray kitten is enough for us right now, at least until we have the living situation figured out a little better."

"Oh, that's sweet," she says. "Have you gotten a license for her yet?"

"No," you say. "How does that work?"

"Well, first she needs to get her shots…" she explains, detailing some of the bureaucratic specifics, as you take the opportunity to walk away from the pet displays and over to the registers.

You exit the shop with the girls a little later without adopting any new animals, but a little worried for your girl. She would feel sorry for the bird, and want to do something. And that's the problem with staying in the twenty-first century, isn't it? An endless supply of brokenness and heartbreak…

***

**\[5] Share the ribbon with Madoka**
\- \[3] Obscure the fact that it's hers

The stream that you were following through the park has devolved into a concrete-lined culvert as you near Homura's neighborhood, and there doesn't seem to be many people heading this way.

"Hey Madoka," you say, as you walk along the path. "I've been thinking about what you said earlier, about fate bringing everyone together here."

"Oh?" asks Madoka.

"Well, we have an instrument of fate right here, in Ryouko's hair," you observe, "and I couldn't help but notice that it looks an awful lot like the ribbons that you were wearing when we met you. I was wondering if maybe that meant something."

"Wait, really?" asks Madoka.

You nod.

"It's probably just a coincidence," says Madoka. "I mean, I'm not anybody special."

"I'm not sure how much I believe in coincidences, at least where magic is concerned," you say. "After all, we met you within minutes of arriving. You should at *least* take a closer look. If you don't mind, that is, Ryouko."

Ryouko removes it from her hair. "No, I don't mind," she says. "And it's not as if it's really *my* ribbon to begin with."

"What's magic about it?" asks Madoka.

"The main thing is that some people see visions when they're nearby," says Ryouko. "It's, ah, associated with the goddess, but people don't really know a lot more about her than that. There might be some other things about the magic, but we're not entirely sure yet."

Madoka takes the narrow band of fabric hesitantly. "Well, it *is* just like mine," she observes, "but… that's definitely a coincidence. Because that means it's really special, and I'm not special at all."

"… Madoka?" you enquire.

She closes her hand around the ribbon, and closes her eyes, and continues. "That's why I always try to help out," she explains, "because if I can help other people out, then I've done something with my life. I'm not much good otherwise. I don't do too well in school, I'm not good at sports, and I don't have any idea what I'm going to do with my life. I tell people I want to be a doctor, but I don't think I'm good enough for that. I'm just nothing, a nobody. That's why I'm always throwing my life away for other people. I even made a contract to save Amy, once; sold my soul for a kitty cat, because it looked sad."

"Madoka!" you exclaim in alarm. "Are you okay?"

The girl opens her eyes again, and the sun and the afternoon sky are replaced by stars and galaxies as she stares at you with golden eyes. "Even as a goddess," says Madoka, "when I was Hope for everyone, there was never any hope for me. So I played my part and smiled for everyone, and played matchmaker, and took away all their pain and hid it inside where it wouldn't bother them. Even when we met in eternity, I never let any of them see." She smiles, and sighs. "But in the end, I couldn't even do that right. I really am a useless coward, aren't I?"

A tear falls from her eye, and she takes a stunned Ryouko by the hand, returning the ribbon, and just like that, the sky is back to normal, and the sound of rushing water returns.

"Thanks for letting me try," says the quiet little pink-haired girl in front of you, "I'm sorry it didn't do anything special." She smiles. "Really, though, getting to be around magical girls is more than special enough for me!"

"… Madoka?" asks a stunned Ryouko.

"Come on," says Madoka. "We have a kitty to take care of, and we get to see Homura!" She spins about and heads down the path ahead of you.

*Clarisse,* asks Ryouko, internally, \*what in the name of the … goddess … was that supposed to be? A cry for help?

I don't know,\* you say. \*I'm not sure we were supposed to see that at all.

Is she okay?\* asks Ryouko.

"Hey, guys," Madoka calls back at you, "come on, let's go!"

*I think she's okay,* you say, *at least for now.*

Ryouko follows, troubled, a little unsatisfied. She feels sorry for the poor girl, and wants to do something.

Oh, goddess. What have you gotten yourself into?

***

\[4] Ask Madoka if she saw any other girls from the future.

You did want to ask her, but, well, this is just *not* the time.

***

You approach Homura's apartment. It's in an old-fashioned building at a funny intersection, with streets on either side, and it looks a little run down.

You reach out to Amy as you approach. She assures you that the target is present, and has been responding to nonverbal requests for physical affection.

You stand back, as Madoka rings the doorbell and waits there, with a smile.

The world around you suddenly stops, and you see the apartment door open, a timid Homura peeking out past a frozen Madoka. She catches sight of you two with a little gasp.

*Quick,* you tell Ryouko, *reassure her.*

"Hey, Homura," she says. "Sorry to startle you. We brought you a Madoka and things for the kitty. We're friendly, I promise."

She shuts the door behind her quickly. It stays shut for several timeless moments.

"Now what?" asks Ryouko.

"Well," you say, "I guess we give her a moment to either work up her courage, or run away."

You're still a little surprised that you can move your body, given that you're not touching Ryouko or the ribbon. This line of thought, though, reminds yourself that you *have* a body, and you start feeling a little weird about it again. Fortunately, you are quickly distracted as time resumes, and Homura opens the door once more.

"H— hello," says Homura, nervous as ever.

"Homura-chan!" exclaims Madoka. "We heard you found a kitty, so we went and brought you some things." She holds up the basket. "Can we come in?"

"T-thanks," says Homura, "I suppose. It's not really very well furnished, though… I just moved in a little while ago. I'm really sorry! I'm not ready for company."

She invites you inside a spacious and clean but rather bare room, with blank white walls, fluorescent lighting, and one window facing a brick wall just a few feet away, where just a little bit of natural light filters in. There's a thin carpet around a low table, and a futon on a mat over in the corner. A small pile of laundry is there in a cardboard box.

"Don't worry," says Madoka. "We'll be fine. Besides, the most important things a new home needs are smiles and laughter."

"Meow?" asks Amy.

***

**> be Clarisse**

\[ ] Forgive Homura for anything she's done wrong.
\- \[ ] Blame Oriko.
\[ ] Ask Homura about (write in).

There's a lot of stuff, like what happened last timeline, and where your grief cubes are, and what happened with the witch and Sayaka, and Oriko, and Nanami's wish. Assume that everyone will be doing their best to get on the same page: what are the *priority* questions we need to know about first?

\[x] Ask Madoka and Homura if they've seen any other girls from the future.
(Overflow from last time.)

\[ ] Offer Homura the ribbon.
