# you have been forsaken by the gods

The three of you enter Homura's apartment, Madoka setting down the basket and bounding over to meet Amy.

"Aww," she says, petting the kitty's head. "She's even cuter in person!"

Homura smiles, confident for a moment. "Amy's the best kitty in the whole world."

Madoka nods. "You picked a good name for her, too."

"I didn't name her," says Homura. "*You* did."

"Oh," says Madoka, "I did?"

"Yes," declares Homura. "And you told me that the cutest thing about kitties is when they're sharpening their claws."

"Well," says Madoka, regarding Homura a little skeptically, "I do think it's pretty cute… I guess we didn't bring a scratching post, though, did we?" She laughs nervously.

Homura, meanwhile, is nervous about her soul gem. She's trying to nonchalantly hide it, and it's painfully obvious.

"Homura-chan," says Ryouko. "You can relax. It's okay. I don't bite."

"N- No, you don't," she says, opening with a stutter, but then finding her conviction, "you just sneak up on people and steal their souls. So … I hope you'll forgive me, if I'm still a little nervous!"

"Wait, what?" asks Madoka.

"There was no other way!" said Ryouko. "Tomoe-senpai was burning through all her magic and her gem was nearly drained. She needed immediate attention."

"Y - yeah," says Homura. "I know, I — I just …" She swallows.

Ryouko looks at her, expectantly.

"I was warned that morning to maintain my vigilance against betrayal!" she blurts.

"Warned?" you ask. "By a magical girl?"

"By my horoscope!" she declares. "It was q-quite specific!"

"Oh, goddess," you exclaim.

"A horoscope?" enquires Ryouko. "What's that?"

"It's, um, a contemporary superstition," you explain. "Trying to tell the fortune from the position of the planets against the stars." You consider a polite way to describe its efficacy. "Some magical girls have used it effectively, I think? But I'm not sure I'd trust a forecast from an unknown source to mean anything."

"Oh, right," says Ryouko. "I've heard of the idea in general."

"Well here," says Homura, retrieving a small tabloid format weekly newspaper, "take a look." She spreads it out on the table, and Ryouko and Madoka look it over.

> PISCES (19 Feb — 20 Mar):
>
> Now is a season of second chances, of retreat and renewal, but be wary of new ventures: an enchanting first impression may be a front for duplicity and betrayal. Be on your guard! Pay attention to the details of an unexpected proposal. Don't rely on others to protect those you care about: be ready to take decisive action yourself.
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

"Huh," says Ryouko.

You frown. "This is targeted, isn't it? Someone wrote this paragraph *specifically* to manipulate Homura." You sigh.

Madoka looks closely. "Really?" she asks. "It reads like a pretty normal horoscope, though, doesn't it?"

"It's Oriko," you say, "it's definitely Oriko. Her fingerprints are all over this operation. We know she sent Kyouko and Kirika to menace Homura this morning. She's almost certainly the one who manipulated Mami into attacking the school. Getting a piece like this in a newspaper is just the icing on the cake."

"Well, that's lovely," says Ryouko. "Are there any other messages in here for us then?"

Madoka looks at Ryouko for a moment, then turns to the paper and reads off a paragraph. "Relationships and bonds are as strong as the work you put into them. Your commitments are as precious as you make them. Offering friendship is only the start. Understand the price you must pay for it. Keeping your promises is worth it! Only true friendship has the power to save the day."

"Is that … Taurus?" asks Ryouko.

"Yeah," says Madoka.

"But that's not right," she says, looking at the dates. "I'd be an… Aquarius, I guess?"

"Oh," says Madoka, "but the name thing said you're turning fifteen on April 30?"

"I'm already fifteen," begins Ryouko, but you interrupt.

"No," you tell her, "you've been demoted, and re-assigned to… Taurus, it seems."

"Demoted?" asks Ryouko. "What?"

"If anyone asks," you tell her, "you were born April 30, 1996. You lost a few months."

"What?" asks Ryouko.

"Same day as Clarisse," says Madoka.

"Huh," says Ryouko.

"But — but that makes no sense!" says Homura. "You can't just change your star sign!"

"Magic," you say.

"B-but… it's your \*fate!" \*objects Homura.

"Changing fate is also magic," you reply.

"I'm not sure how I feel about this," says Ryouko.

She feels conflicted. It's been surreal for her so far, but the weight of the situation seems to have finally hit her.

"Look at it this way," says Madoka. "You get an extra birthday party!"

You look over the horoscope more generally, just in case. You notice two more things. The first is an "Astrological Outlook" section:

> The conjunction of Chiron and Neptune in Pisces can produce feelings of emotional woundedness. Sometimes it feels like no good deed will go unpunished, that you have been forsaken by the gods.
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

The second is that there are only eleven star signs printed. Libra (Sept 23-October 23) is missing.

"It's probably safest to just ignore the whole newspaper," you declare. "Even if you believe in horoscopes, the publisher is clearly compromised. It's just a vehicle for a manipulative magical girl to play mind games on us, now."

"Oriko, right?" asks Madoka.

You nod. "Homura, do you know of her?"

"N— no," she says.

\[4] Discreetly check if Homura has implants

You try to open a data channel to send a picture to Homura, but nothing happens. She seems to be low-technology. And there isn't even a television in the room, so… words will have to do.

"Mikuni Oriko is, of course, a magical girl," you explain. "She has a big fancy white dress and a hat that looks like a bucket. It's pretty distinctive. She can see the future, and apparently has been using that power to manipulate everyone."

Madoka looks confused. "Can you explain it to me?"

"The second chances refers to Homura's time travel. New ventures and an enchanting first impression is Ryouko on the roof. Our unexpected proposal was trying to save Mami's life, and the details in question…" You swallow. "The detail in question is that magical girls regain their magic with grief seeds, a magic item that you get from fighting witches. But when we came from the future, we didn't bring grief seeds. We brought grief *cubes*, which don't exist here in 2011. They're much smaller."

Ryouko nods. "We were trying to snatch Mami's soul gem, so that we could save her without getting hurt, but Homura must have thought it was a trick. So she tried to stop us, and then everything went wrong," says Ryouko. "Or… I guess it went *right*, from Oriko's point of view."

Homura nods, quietly. She looks as guilty as anything.

**\[6] Forgive Homura for anything she's done wrong.**
Ask Homura about...
**-\[6] What happened to our previous body?**
-\[3] What of our items and cubes?

"I think we're all in agreement that it's Oriko's fault," you say, "and we *both* forgive you, Homura. But… I do have an important question."

Homura looks up from the newspaper, like a frightened kitty.

"We had thirteen grief cubes," you say. "They were in Ryouko's pocket. What happened to Ryouko, and what happened to them?"

Homura swallows.

"S-she was dead, or, unconscious, I think," says Homura. "I, um… I took the grief cubes. I'm … I'm sort of terrible at fighting witches. I don't have any weapons, so I was just kind of … casting my magic straight at her. It wasn't very effective, so I had to use most of them. There's only one left…"

"And the body?" you ask quietly.

"It must have just … you know ... bodies sort of just disappear, when a labyrinth collapses," she says.

"Then how did Yuuka and Nanami find it?" you ask.

"They … what?!?" asks Homura. "That — that doesn't happen…"

"Were we still alive, but unconscious?" you wonder. "But by the time Yuuka found us, we weren't?"

"I don't know!" exclaims Homura. "I, um, by that point I realized I'd done something wrong…"

"We should ask Nanami," says Ryouko. "There were other useful things. Those decoys had soul gem covers."

"I'll send Nanami a message," you say. "In the meantime… did you give Kyuubey the used grief cubes?"

Homura shakes her head No. "I haven't seen him at all," she says.

"Be careful with them," you say. "Cubes *or* seeds, they're not quite safe when they're full."

"I kept them over here," she says, standing up and heading over to the kitchen part of the apartment, "in a drawer—"

She opens the drawer, and stops.

"… What's wrong?" asks Ryouko.

"They're … they're…"

You stand up and walk over to the drawer. The grief cubes are gone, and in their place are *four* grief seeds.

"These … these are all fresh," says Homura.

Oh, for crying out loud…

"Where did Amy go?" you enquire. "I need something… soft."

***

**> pet the kitty**

\[ ] Split the grief seeds with Homura.
\[ ] Call Nanami, ask for a memory recording of her finding Ryouko's body

At Homura's place:

\[ ] Reflect on Oriko's schemes for a while.
(Think of what she might be up to, and ways to overcome her advantages.)
\[ ] Relax for a while. Reflect some other time.
\- \[ ] try to put Madoka and Homura at ease with each other
\- \[ ] Reassure Ryouko that it'll be okay, you two will surely be going home soon
\- \[ ] Reassure Ryouko that it'll be okay, even if she's stuck a while

With regards to Oriko:
\[ ] Avoid Oriko and try to keep under the radar.
\[ ] Look for Oriko's phone number, to ask her what's going on.
\[ ] Make plans to visit Oriko in person
\- \[ ] bring Nanami
\- \[ ] bring Homura
