# I am a powerful enchantress, and I can read on a sixth grade level

\[5] Look for Oriko's phone number, ask her what's going on

You send a text message to Hitomi enquiring for Mikuni Oriko's number. She doesn't respond immediately. She's probably concentrating on her class.

**\[5] Relax for a while. Reflect on Oriko later.**

Your girl is marvelling internally at the idea that with just a little magic, someone can waltz right into a place, take someone's stuff, and be gone, and no one would know, because nobody's watching. Actually, she realizes, that's about what she did with Nanami at the water treatment plant earlier. And, for that matter, you don't even actually *need* magic. The entire twenty-first century is just that insecure.

You pick up Amy, and hold her up against you with your left arm as you pet her with your right.

"We came here to make Homura feel more at home," you say. "That's important too. We're all going through the same stuff. We don't know what's going on. We're all a little afraid of what's happening to us and a little afraid of each other. We should spend a few minutes and just put aside all the crazy things, all the magic and technology, and just … try to be friends."

"But, Oriko—" begins Ryouko.

"Oriko can wait fifteen minutes," you say. "Here, have a kitty."

"But—"

"New rule," you say, handing over the fuzzball. "If someone is worrying about things other than friends, hand them the kitty. That okay with you, Amy?"

"Meow," she replies. She's loving all the attention.

\[5] Try to put Madoka and Homura at ease with each other.

Outside of magic, it seems, Homura is most worried about school. You ask Madoka a few questions about the curriculum, and she realizes that she's seen most the material before in her previous timeline. Apparently she had missed quite a lot of school, and had been struggling to keep up, and only barely managed. She identifies Hitomi as the ideal study buddy, as she always takes very clear notes, which amuses Madoka, who agrees very much. She seems to be warming to the idea of Homura as a friend.

\[5] Reassure Ryouko that it'll be okay even if she's stuck for a while.

Ryouko's uncertain about the idea of school. It seems the reality of her situation has hit her.

*It'll all be okay,* you tell her internally. \*Even if we're stuck here for a while, it's a new experience. We'll make the most of it. Not everyone gets to go time traveling, you know?

I know,\* she replies. \*I think I'll be okay, but, the other thing is… I'm a little scared of what happens when I have to leave everybody. I think … that's going to be hard.

Well then, \*you reply, \*the thing that matters most between now and then is making the most of that friendship.

You're right,\* she replies. \*Hey, maybe I'll be able to come back to visit somehow.

Well if you want to hang out with Madoka, you can always go to the Church of Hope and visit the ribbon… assuming, of course, you don't just keep it for yourself.

Maybe I can ask Madoka for one of her yellow ribbons,\* she proposes in reply.

\*… You know, I wasn't entirely serious, \*you reply, \*but… well, maybe. \*You consider a moment. *I wonder what Yuuka would say about the character design implications.*

***

You have attempted to put Homura more at ease by explaining your story and that you don't actually have any magic powers you can use on her. "I'm completely harmless," you insist, "just like Madoka. Actually, she's probably more dangerous than I am, just because she's better coordinated. I'm not used to any of this at all."

"Be careful," says Ryouko, stroking Amy. "We're into magic technology stuff. I might have to give you the kitty."

"No! This is friendship related!" you object.

"Hmph. I suppose I'll allow it," says Ryouko. "For now."

Madoka giggles.

"I guess it must be pretty weird," says Homura.

"I think what Clarisse is really saying," says Ryouko, with a gleam in her eye, "is that she's not used to feeling physical sensations herself, so to help her out, we should all gang up on her and tickle her mercilessly."

Madoka's eyes go wide. "*Really,*" she says, with a tone of anticipation.

"Aah! No!" you exclaim. "Help! Homura, protect me!" You sneak around behind her. "It's no good, Madoka, I have a magical girl on my side."

Homura looks at you with wide-eyed shock for just a moment, then blinks a few times and turns to face Ryouko and Madoka with a very intense look of determination.

Madoka falls over laughing.

***

A short while later, as Ryouko attempts to negotiate with Homura for Madoka's right to boop you on the nose, you get a text message back from Hitomi. She waited for a break from class, and called the tea ceremony instructor, here's the number but she needs to go concentrate now and has found the Do Not Disturb mode. Inspecting the message, the number she's sent seems vaguely familiar.

You glance back at the tabloid on the low table in the center of the room. *Speak with the Oracle*, it says at the top of the horoscopes. *Call us at… *the same number*.* Truth in advertising, apparently.

You excuse yourself for a moment.

"Mikuni residence," answers the familiar voice of Chitose Yuma.

"Good evening," you reply, hiding your surprise. "Is Oriko in?"

"No," says Yuma. "Sorry!"

"Oh," you reply. "Do you know where she's gone?"

"That's need to know," she whispers, in a hushed tone.

"Oh, I see," you say.

"Oh, wait," asks Yuma, "is this Shizuki-san?"

"Yes," you say, "I suppose that's me."

"I think there's a message for you!" she says, happily. "Give me a second and I'll look."

"Oh, thank you," you say.

There is a pause of a few moments.

"Okay," says Yuma, "so, um, you're either calling early, or late. Did you want the message for ten in the morning, or do you want the one for seven pm?"

"Hmm," you consider, not quite sure what to make of this. "Why not both, just to be safe?" you ask.

You hear the sound of papers rustling on the other end of the phone.

"Okay, so, the first one says, Don't worry, Shizuki-san, Tomoe-senpai is safe and unharmed. If you want her to stay that way, please bring twelve used grief cubes to the Mitakihara railway station at six a.m. Friday. Don't try anything funny. we have ribbons too."

"That doesn't sound right," you say.

"Oh, yeah, sorry!" says Yuma. "That one's from Monday. Umm… Seven o'clock says, The oracle means you no harm. She's sorry for her trespass, but it was a matter of the uptmost important. She's trying to save the world from all witches, not just Walpurgasmite. If you want to help, meet her at the Mitakihara railway station at six a.m. Friday. The grief seeds are in payment for what she's taken and they're yours to keep either way."

"I'm sorry, that's not right either," you say, intrigued. "It sounds like a message meant for someone else."

"Uhh…" says Yuma awkwardly, rustling papers again. "You're right! Wait a minute. I can do this." There's a little more paper rustling. "Okay, this is definitely it. I'm sorry I've been avoiding you, Shizuki-san, but this has to be from a distance for now, at least until things settle down. Tell your new friend that I sent her lover back to the future, and it's best if she follows her back there, without lingering too long. I know that you were really looking forward to adventures together, but it has to be this way: our world depends on it. Besides, it *is* where she belongs. Just remember that life is precious, and treasure your time with your precious friends, especially Sayaka. You've been a true friend to me for the past year as well; maybe some day we'll meet again for tea. Until then, sayonara."

You digest that for a moment.

"Thank you," you say to Yuma, "that's… you've been quite helpful."

"Of course I have," she says, proudly. "I am a powerful enchantress, and I can read on a sixth grade level. *Nothing* is beyond me."

"Oh, goodness," you say. "I'll be sure to keep that in mind. I don't suppose Oriko left a cell phone number in case of emergencies?"

Yuma gives you the number.

"Excellent," you say. "I'll take good care of it. Emergencies only. I owe you one, Chitose-sama."

"No problem!" she says. "Talk to you later!"

*Was that for real, then?* you wonder to yourself. The implications would be ...

"Boop!" says Homura, who has snuck up on you while you were distracted. She's booped your nose.

"Aah!" you exclaim, looking over to Madoka, who is beaming from ear to ear, excessively pleased with herself. "Madoka, you've turned her against me!"

***

**> boop'd**

Overflow votes. We'll do these real soon unless we get a consensus *not* to.
\[4] Call Nanami. Ask her for a recording of her finding Ryouko's body.
\[5] Split the grief seeds with Homura.

Share these strange tidings with the group, and conspire against Oriko:
\[ ] infiltrate the Mikuni mansion under time-stop to look for more notes
\[ ] invite Yuma over to visit and pet the kitty
\- \[ ] have Nanami blow up Oriko's mansion while she's gone, to make a statement
\[ ] call Oriko on the emergency number
\[ ] *(write in)*
