# if I were to forget what happened to those I cared about

\[10] Raid the liquor cabinet / offer Mr. Shizuki a drink

"Are you quite all right?" you ask.

"I'll be all right," replies Mr. Shizui. "That was quite a start; just give me a moment to breathe."

"Would like you me to get you something to drink?"

He shakes his head. "Not right this moment, thank you."

You nod, and sit down on the couch next to him. Ryouko lingers awkwardly over to the side.

Mr. Shizuki turns his head to her. "I've gone and frightened you, haven't I?"

She nods, warily.

"I'm sorry," he says. "I'm afraid you girls caught me by surprise there, and I rather panicked."

"I really wasn't expecting another lecture on how I've betrayed the family by throwing my life away, myself," says Ryouko, in a cool tone.

Mr. Shizuki contemplates this for a moment. "I've offended you," he says. "I'm quite sorry. I'm making a terrible first impression, aren't I?"

Ryouko's face is aggressively neutral.

"I'm afraid I've seen just a little too much in my time," he continues. "I've lost people who were dear to me, and I feared that it was about to happen again, to my dearest treasure of all. With that in mind, Ryouko-san, might I ask your forgiveness for my little outburst?"

Ryouko takes a deep breath, and closes her eyes. "I suppose so," she allows, "if you can give me just a moment to recover as well."

"Certainly," he says, nodding, then turns his head to look at you, taking in your face, and then, for several seconds, gazing into your eyes with intensity, and what seems to be almost a sense of wonder. The unexpected intimacy is a strange feeling; you're not quite sure what to make of it.

"I had hoped someday to see grandchildren," he says, "and perhaps, if I was quite fortunate, great-grandchildren. But this, now, is … quite a bit more, I reckon. How many generations did you say again?"

"We d—didn't," you reply. "I don't actually know. Family secrets."

Mr. Shizuki raises his hand towards your face. "May I?"

You're not entirely sure what he means by that, but you nod.

He gently places his fingers on your face, and runs his hand along your cheek until your chin rests for a moment in his hand — then, after a quick pause, draws it just back from your face and passes his fingertips over your ears and back to your hair. It tickles a bit.

"Well now," he says, taking his hand away entirely. "Isn't that something."

It is something, and you're not quite sure what, and your heart is a little fluttery. It's not in the least bit romantic, except it sort of is, except it isn't. Oh, goddess, this is so much easier when it's Ryouko or someone else that you're analyzing and not yourself…

No, wait. There *is* a someone you can refer to for this. Hitomi. And… she is very much her daddy's little princess, isn't she? And she's absolutely taken with him. Nanami realized it too, had marveled that Hitomi would share him with someone…

*Treasured*. That's how you feel. He'd said Hitomi was his treasure just a moment ago, too.

Well then. As emotions go, this is one a heady draught.

*Clarisse?* asks Ryouko internally. *Are you okay?*

You send her a fragment of the emotion, and she just stands there a moment, blinking. *Really?* she asks, surprised.

A wave of guilt follows. You feel as if you've just stolen something from your girl, a moment that was very precious and can never be returned.

*No, don't do that,* says Ryouko, and you catch yourself — you hadn't meant to let the feeling of guilt through, but it surprised you.

*It's okay, Clarisse,* your girl tells you.\* I would feel bad if you didn't have any precious moments. You're special to me, too, you know.\*

And now you feel very fluttery indeed, a little too stunned to even react.

"Well then," says Mr. Shizuki, gradually coming out of the spell himself, and sitting up straighter than he was before. "I imagine that we both have questions for each other, but for the moment, there's just one thing I don't quite understand, though, I hesitate to enquire, for fear that I might once again give offense."

"Go ahead," says Ryouko. "You can ask."

"While I do not resent it," says the man, "neither do I understand why a great-granddaughter of mine would have a clone, or what it means."

"Oh, goddess," says Ryouko. "Now *that* is a long story."

"Well then, how about that drink?" asks Mr. Shizuki, as he rises to his feet. "No no," he says, looking back to you, as you start to rise. "I'm quite all right, really. You girls just gave me a real fright there for a moment."

"I would feel better coming with you anyway," you reply.

"Well, if you insist," he says.

***

**\[13] Ask Mr. Shizuki about his knowledge of MGs**
\[4] (+8 -4) Tell him all about what's going on in Mitakihara right now

You settle down in the middle of the sofa, next to Mr. Shizuki, and stretch out your legs, while Ryouko is in a chair at right angles to the two of you.

"Before we go into detail," you tell Mr. Shizuki, "it would be very helpful to know how much you already know."

"I'm afraid I can't tell you the whole story," he apologizes, "as I don't think that there's anyone alive who remembers it all, and much of what I do know is in confidence." He pauses. "I should prefer not to betray those confidences."

You nod.

Ryouko has picked up the whisky to look at the bottle, which is made of porcelain and painted with a butterfly on it. She sets it back down, and nods.

"Would either of you two like a sip?" he proposes.

Her eyes go wide. "Wait, really?"

"I've been saving this for a special occasion," he says, pouring two glasses, though not too deeply. "I'm not sure I can contemplate an occasion that would be much more special."

*Clarisse,* asks your girl, accepting the glass, *do I even want to know how expensive this is?*

You perform a few quick Internet searches, first regarding the bottle, and then for several other things to compare it to: median incomes, ordinary consumer goods, extraordinary consumer goods, a vintage roadster in good condition…

\*You most certainly do \****not***, you conclude. \*Just enjoy it.

It's pretty good,\* she says.

Shizuki-grade Posh, indeed, with a capital P. That heady feeling is back again.

***

The story that emerges is fragmentary in places; there had been some great disaster, the specifics of which were lost, and the city was in ruins. The young Shizuki helped lead a band of schoolmates and survivors to a place of relative safety, whereupon one of them, Kinomoto-san, was approached by an incubator and wished it all back together after the fact. The specifics of this were lost, for only Kinomoto-san actually remembered.

In the days that followed, she shared her secret with her friends, who were quite taken with the magical girl. She had a reddish-pink dress, with a matching hat, white ruffles and white gloves, and could manifest feathery white wings. It must have been quite glorious — and, in a cascade of inspiration, two dozen girls made contracts over the next six months and joined her.

"Uesato-san," says Mr. Shizuki. "Kazumi. Fumina. Both of the Inubouzaki sisters, and the younger Minowa girl, and I must say, her big sister was *quite* jealous. Taiyou-san. Shirokane. Hitomi's mother, and her mother's sister. My sister. All inseparable friends." He takes a sip of his drink. "And then, the grief seeds dried up, and friends started to fight, and the dream turned into a nightmare. Shirokane attacked her own cousin, Taiyou, who killed her in self-defense. And then, after seeing what was happening to her friends, how everyone was taking sides, Kinomoto lost herself to despair."

"Oh, goddess," mumbles Ryouko.

"The one who saved us all was Yukari-san," continues Mr. Shizuki. "She made one last wish, not to save the whole city this time, but just to save the rest of her friends. And then, well, then she said her goodbyes, and we never saw her again." He pauses. "None of them remember what happened. They remember there being friendship, and good times, yes, the best of times… but she wanted to spare them from the rest."

Ryouko looks at him. "Then how do you remember?" she asks.

"I told her, just before she did it, that I'd had enough of forgetting after that first time," he says. "That if I were to forget what happened to those I cared about, the price that was paid for my happiness, then I would forget its value." He takes a deep breath. "And I would be a very different man today, I think, if I had forgotten."

Ryouko has an idea.

*… That may be unwise!* you warn her.

She replies with a sense of willful disregard, and removes the ribbon from her hair; placing it in her left hand, and taking her very-great-grandfather's hand with her right, she closes her eyes, and in an instant, something happens to her — a moment which you do not share.

\*Ryouko? \*you ask. \*Are you all right?

I'll tell you about it later,\* she says, and breathes deeply. *Please don't look until then, okay?*

"It was October 26, it was the afternoon, and there was an attack on Mitakihara," she says. "I think it was the start of a — of a war. Most of your school was destroyed, but you were in the music room, which was behind the gym, so you weren't hurt as bad. Sak— er, Kinomoto-san was cut by the glass from the windows, and you carried her to get help, with Tomoyo-chan and — and Yukari-san. She and Kinomoto were the only ones who made it, so, she's the only other one who remembered. I didn't learn about any nuclear wars in 1985 and I guess that's a reason why." She takes a deep breath. "That's why h— that's why she wanted everyone to forget, at the end. She didn't want to remember it herself."

"Ryouko!" you half-whisper, half-exclaim. "You — you really shouldn't go out of your way to see such things!"

Mr. Shizuki has closed his eyes.

"Thank you," he says, quietly.

Your girl squeezes his hand, and returns the ribbon back to her hair.

***

After a few minutes in which the other two reflect quietly, you return to Mr. Shizuki's question about why his very-great-granddaughter has a clone — hopefully, this will satisfy his curiosity for the moment — and do your best to keep the summary concise. In the future, you relate, everybody knows about magical girls, because there's a war, and so Ryouko is in the military (he frowns, learning of this) and the military uses computers and the new version of the computers, which are part organic, *are* supposed to help do a better job of taking care of magical girls. But Ryouko only has the computer at all because her parents are researchers, and while part-organic they're *not* supposed to be sentient, and they're *definitely* not supposed to go back in time and get caught up in someone's wish which isn't even really about her or Ryouko at all.

"I see," says Mr. Shizuki. He considers further. "Do you think of yourself as human?" he asks. "And should I?"

"Even now," you tell him, "I think of myself as an artificial intelligence *first*, and somewhat proud of the fact. However, I've studied the culture of this age, and I am sensitive to the fact that people in 2011 haven't a meaningful understanding of what that *means*. The nascent cultural vocabulary around artificial constructs right now is built around humanizing it, as the highest form of respect that people know how to pay… and, since the design of artificial intelligence is strongly human-inspired to begin with, I'm not sure that splitting hairs about being human versus being a person would actually help. The concepts that I use to think of myself, you would consider *human*; it's just not quite the whole picture."

Mr. Shizuki considers this as well, finishing his whisky. "Sometimes," he replies, "poetic truths are the best we can manage. I shall try my best to do right by it."

"Thank you," you reply.

*You've studied the culture of this age, and what they think of artificial intelligences?* asks Ryouko.

*Of course I did*, you tell her. \*There's going to be a movie. I'm going to be in it. There will be a cultural conversation. I thought it best to inform my understanding of society's understanding.

Wait, it's going to be like that? \*Ryouko cringes internally. \*I feel… terribly unprepared.

I was going to warn you,\* you say. *I didn't want you to feel pressured into preparing some grand essays about what I mean to you and what that means to society. Your simple honest feelings will more than suffice.*

Your girl is doing her best to understand her feelings — an honest challenge — when you hear the door opening once more, and someone coming in. As you're in the best position to do so, you turn around on the sofa and look.

"Oh, Hitomi," you say. "Welcome home." You had been starting to worry.

"Thanks, Clarisse," she says, a little distracted by returning her keys to her bag, when she spots her father's things by the door.

"Papa?" she asks, turning to see him rise from his seat. "Oh, Papa, you're — you're\* early,\*" she says, in a voice of quiet resignation and acceptance.

"And you're *late*," says Ryouko. "And you weren't taking *any* calls."

"I was at *dance*," says Hitomi. "The instructor asked me to stay a few moments afterwards." She sighs. "Well, then, Papa, I suppose you've met —"

She is interrupted with a hug from her father.

"… Papa?" she asks, surprised.

"Hitomi," the father says to his daughter, holding her tight, "you are a good daughter, a wonderful person, and the most precious treasure I have in this world, and I don't tell you this often enough."

"Pa— Papa, are you all right?"

*Clarisse,* she texts, \*what did you \*tell\* him?

As little as possible,\* you reply.

"I'm fine," replies Hitomi's papa. "Just… always remember that I love you dearly, and if there is ever anything that you want that I can grant, anything at all, please ask." He gives her one last squeeze, and then lets her go.

Hitomi takes a few deep breaths, and gathers her composure.

"Papa," she says. "I want to stop taking tea ceremony classes. And — piano lessons, too."

He takes a moment to process this. "And dance?" he asks.

"To make more time for dance," she says. "I was speaking with the instructor and he says he thinks that I have what it takes to be a professional, if I can spend more time. I think it's something that I want to … well, I'd like to give it a try, anyway."

He gives his girl a considerate look.

"Papa?" asks Hitomi, after a moment.

"Are you quite sure that's all?" he asks. "You don't want something bigger, you know, like, maybe a pony?"

"I'm serious, Papa!" exclaims the girl, elbowing him in the shoulder, though not roughly.

"I'm serious too," he replies. "Would you like to tell your mother, or should I?"

"I don't know," says Hitomi. "Let me think about it." She sighs once more, but with a smile this time, and moves over towards the sofas. "And in the meantime, the four of us can talk about …" She pauses, noticing something.

"Oh, Papa," she says. "You… you got out the *special* whiskey. Oh, Ryouko, Clarisse, what did you *tell* him?"

***

\*\*> continue feeling treasured
\*\*
\[x] Ask Mr. Shizuki about his trip
We had seven votes for this, but prioritized other stuff even higher.
\[ ] Tell Mr. Shizuki of his very-great-granddaughter's fame
\- \[ ] Be sure to mention her super-cute girlfriend

\[ ] Speak openly of the present-day meguca landscape
\[ ] Conspire with Hitomi to limit meguca information release
\[ ] Tell Mr. Shizuki about the magical paperwork that says you're family

\[ ] Enquire what Ryouko saw with the ribbon
\- \[ ] Peek. This *is* your job, after all.
\- \[ ] Discuss restoring Shizuki Tomoyo's memories
