# What, you think she’s some sort of serial bomber?

*Sorry for the delays, I been sick!*
(also, you saw nothing, [@AlphaDelta](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/14440/).)
(Special recognition to anyone who tells me what it is AlphaDelta didn't see.)
(spoilers: it's not worth the effort finding out it's really stupid and small)

\[4] Text Homura about Mami, has she seen her post fight and where she lives

You dispatch a text to Homura's new phone.

***

"Hitomi, dearest," says her father. "Surely you didn't believe for a moment that you could bring home a magical girl without me finding out that she was magic."

Hitomi closes her eyes, and nods. "Of course not. Oh, Papa. Oh, bravo." She claps her hands three times.

Ryouko looks at her funny. "I quite don't understand …"

Her father smiles, quite pleased with himself. "Well, you see, Ryouko, your typical girl, if her father speaks to her and tells her in an earnest and caring tone that he truly believes in magical girls, simply assumes that it's a Dad thing."

"But, Papa," asks Hitomi, in an airy tone, "was there anyone that you had feelings for *before* Mama?" She switches to a lower tone and extends her right hand towards her father: *"Well, dear, I have to admit there were one or two girls I admired*. Can you tell me about them? *Well, there was this one really cute magical girl…* Oh, Papa, you're so silly. *It's my job to be silly, dear.*"

"I see," says Ryouko.

"I need a hug," she says, walking over to her Papa, who takes the girl in his arms and holds her as she leans up against him.

"Ah, darling," he says, "what's the matter?"

She winces. "My life is upside down."

He nods. "Ah, I understand."

She shakes her head. "*Nobody* understands."

"You'd be surprised about that, actually," he says.

"I understand," says Ryouko. "Actually, I understand a lot. My parents were both researchers with the government and knew all about magical girls, and they never told me anything about it, and were both absolutely paranoid that I'd become one. And my mother was *also* a former magical girl, which, really isn't common at all."

Hitomi inhales sharply.

"Ryouko," you begin, "I believe that was still a secret from Hitomi."

"… Oh," she says.

"As long as I'm here," says Hitomi, still being hugged by her papa, "are there any other family secrets I should know?"

"Not that you should know, no," says her Papa. "But you should know that your mother doesn't remember a single thing about it, and you mustn't tell her about any of this. That goes for all three of you, actually. Well, not the part about her being your mother."

The girl considers that a moment, a smile sneaking onto her face.

"Okay then," she says. "My turn. Papa, there's something you should see."

***

**\[11] Tell Mr. Shizuki about the magical paperwork that says you're family**

"I didn't do it," says Ryouko, shaking her head and sitting down in a swivel chair. The four of you have made your way over to an office and Hitomi has taken out paperwork.

"You know," says Mr. Shizuki, "the funny thing here is the dates. January to the end of April is hardly nine months, is it?"

"*That's* the funny thing?" asks Hitomi.

"I'd have really expected magic to be better about things like this," he says. "At least if it's somebody making a wish. It's usually quite good — oh. Oh, I see. Hitomi, it appears they changed your birthday."

"They *what.*"

"See?" says Ryouko, spinning the chair. "I understand that feeling too."

"When you encounter magic for the first time," says Mr. Shizuki, closing the file, "there is often a profound sense of awe and wonder. If you're fortunate, it may linger for a while, or even happen more than once. It is a very special feeling. But sooner or later you can also learn another feeling, as you are left to deal with the consequences."

"Oh, yes," you say, leaning against the desk, "that's been the theme for today."

"How are you so calm?" asks Hitomi. "I mean, you're always calm, but even in a situation like this."

"It *started* with a situation like this," replies her father.

"I want details," says the girl.

He nods. "I understand why you might."

She sighs.

"Mr. Suizuki," you address him. "I am not sure why the fates have brought us together, but we are here now, uninvited. We have complicated your life and your family's life tremendously, and are likely to continue to do so. I am not sure how long we might remain, and some day we might disappear without notice, and leave you to clean up the mess, and —"

"When I was a young man," he interrupts, "I thought the purpose of one's life was to be surrounded by fine treasures." He pauses. "I was not badly wrong. My mistake was to treasure things, instead of people, but I have learned my lesson. And now, you propose to double the worth of my household."

You spend a moment processing that.

**\[8] Conspire with Hitomi to limit meguca information release**

"We are likely to collaborate with Hitomi to keep secrets from you," you declare.

He considers that a moment.

He pauses. "Well, if *that's* the case," he smiles, "then we might have to negotiate terms."

"What did you have in mind, Mr. Shizuki?" you enquire.

"Please don't call me that," he says.

"I beg pardon?" you reply, a little surprised.

"It's too distant. Call me grandpa. Call me the old man. Just, not that."

You are thinking of what to say to that, when Hitomi quietly interjects.

"Call him Papa," she says, looking away from everybody.

"Hitomi!" exclaims Ryouko. "Are you — would you really be okay with that?"

"If we're really doing this," she says, "if we're going to be a family here, let's do it right. No half-measures."

"Oh, goddess," you say. "We're negotiating with the Shizuki family. I should have realized, and run away screaming when I had the chance."

"I already have a father," says Ryouko.

"That's fine, now you have two," says Hitomi. "That happens, sometimes."

"Hitomi, darling," begins her father —

"You're not the only one with treasures in the family, Papa," she says, turning to face him. "I'm not used to sharing you."

Mr. Shizuki smiles, quietly. "Is that so."

"Well, the other thing about this, Hitomi," you note, "is that your mother is likely to notice, sooner or later. She might have an opinion. She might start asking questions."

"What does she know right now?" asks Mr. Shizuki.

"She seems to think that we're *distant* family, and that it's normal for us to be staying here," you explain. "Beyond that, I don't know. I'm not sure why it worked out like that."

"I'll speak with her tonight," he says, then pauses. "It might be something about the magic that made her forget in the first place."

Hitomi nods.

"I should point out that Ryouko hasn't agreed to this yet," you observe.

The other two look at her expectantly.

*Don't let them pressure you into anything,* you instruct her. *Even if we do owe her for the hospitality, even if we've messed up her life, don't you dare decide to do a thing that unless it is really, deeply, truly what you want in your heart. And remember, I will stick up for you, no matter what you decide.*

Ryouko ponders the question, her thoughts straining to reconcile. Because she *does* feel like she owes Hitomi, and Hitomi is nice, and it seems a shame to push away *family*, but this isn't something she ever asked for, and she already has a mama and a papa, and it's far too big a commitment, and it complicates everything, and she's afraid, too, and, and… she closes her eyes, reaching inside for the answer.

Then she sighs, smiles, and opens her eyes again. "Okay," she says. "The answer is yes."

*Wait, really??*

"I know it's a big deal," she says, looking at you, "and I don't agree to it lightly, but, the thing is, we're all family here already. I'd rather we were able to be really close to each other. I think that's what Hitomi wants too. That is, if you're okay with it… Papa."

Good goddess, she really means it. You would never have guessed. But, then, she's surprised you like this before.

She seems a little surprised herself, actually. So does Hitomi.

"I'm — well, I can't say I'm opposed in the least," says Mr. Shizuki, though his tone suggests he's not clear quite what to make of things.

~~**\[11] Ask Mr. Shizuki about his trip**~~

That won't do at all.

**\[11] Ask Papa about his trip**

"Well then," you say, taking a deep breath. "How was your trip, Papa?"

Papa has been to America with regards to a real estate deal worth about 200 billion yen. Apparently the deal almost fell through, because the company fired the person he had been negotiating with, but he was able to get a few concessions out of it, something about the capital structure.

"Huh," says Ryouko. "That's a lot, isn't it?"

He nods. "This is mostly client money, mind you. Pension funds, in this case."

"How does that work?" she asks.

"When you work at a company for a long time, one of the things they usually do is put together some savings so that when you retire, you can still have some income. Now, some of that money comes from their future earnings, but if it all came from that, you'd be in trouble if the company started to lose money or went bankrupt, so they diversify into a variety of investments. Given our current demographics, this is as important as ever, because there are more and more people who are retiring or just too old to work, and fewer young people working to support them."

"Huh," says Ryouko. "I would have thought the government would take care of them…"

"There's some government pension funds in that," he notes.

"Well… I just meant, generally," says Ryouko.

"They do that too," he says. "But even then, the money has to come from somewhere. Well, that's a little misleading. Money's just the abstraction. If you're going to take care of a little old lady when she's too old to work, somebody needs to do grow the rice, study to be a doctor for her, build a building. It all works better if people save up for the future while they work. So when they sell Japanese electronics to Americans, the company sends some of the money to a pension fund, then I use it to buy them apartment buildings in Florida and Texas, we collect the rent, and make back more than we put in. Or we buy shares in companies who use the money to build factories to build the things people need. Then they can use *that* to buy food and heating oil and buses and things for people taking care of them."

"Huh," says Ryouko. She's not quite sure what she expected from twenty-first century capitalism, and hasn't formed an opinion on this yet.

"It's not what we're used to at all," you observe.

"The economy isn't?" he asks.

"Well, yes," you say, "but also, um, the problem of *old age*."

"Ah," he says. "Yes, that's certainly the bigger problem, isn't it?"

Ryouko looks at the floor, awkwardly.

"I tell you what," says Papa. "How about we continue this conversation later? I still haven't put away my things, and I could use a quick shower."

***

Hitomi has need of a shower as well, so the two of you have a moment alone again, and head upstairs to your room — you suppose it really is *your* room, now. You take a moment to send Homura another text message, in case she missed the first, and complain to yourself about how much more convenient this would have been if she \*hadn't *tried an exorcism*, \*then return your attention to the police.

"Well then," you say. "Just when you think you're getting to know a girl pretty well, she surprises you again."

**\[8] Enquire what Ryouko saw with the ribbon**
You consider your loyalties for a moment. Which is the highest loyalty to Best Girl?
-\[4] Talk to her about it, and view the memory recordings only if she approves
-\[3] Peek. This is your job, after all.

"So the other thing," you say to your girl, "I haven't peeked at all. But, I have to ask, because it's my job. What did you see?"

Ryouko sighs. "So there was a girl," she says, "named Yukari Hitomi."

"Oh," you say. "Oh, my. I don't suppose the other Hitomi knows…"

"Huh? Oh." she says. "See, I wasn't even thinking about that."

"How could you not be thinking—" you begin, but Ryouko has conjured the memory in her mind's eye and it rapidly becomes apparent.

Oh, goddess, the girl looks an *awful* lot like Asami. You can tell the difference, but it's eerie.

***

**> **watch** Shizuki Yuji**

"We need to get back to the music room!" exclaims the boy. "It's not over"

"I can't," says the girl. "What's the use? I'll just d-die there instead."

"Listen," says the boy. "There's a magical girl there, she's got some sort of shield, and she can protect everyone."

"No there isn't!" she exclaims. "Just leave me!"

"As if," he says, scooping up the girl in his arms; her broken leg dangles.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" she screams. "No! Please, just let me die!"

"Shut up and stop complaining," says the boy. "That's not an option, okay? You're a survivor. I'm helping the survivors. Deal with it."

The girl keeps screaming, as the boy drags her out of the rubble of a ruined classroom and into what was probably once a hallway, though without the roof, it's a little harder to tell. He jogs with the girl towards one of the less-ruined parts of the building, but suddenly, there's a bright flash of light.

"Fuck!" screams the boy. At the end of a long hallway, you see an orange glow of a magical barrier. He drops the screaming girl to the ground, butt first, just barely pausing to make sure her head was uninjured, and piles his body on top of hers. It's oddly quiet for a few seconds before the shockwave, then —

***

"Aah!" you exclaim, reaching the end.

"See, now, at least she wasn't hurt," says Ryouko. "I mean, well, she wasn't … vaporized, or anything."

You shake your head. Ryouko has warped standards for *hurt*.

"How did you even know you could use it like that?" you ask her.

She shrugs. "I don't know. Just a feeling."

"If that thing has an agenda for you," you declare, "I might be suspicious of the whole magical-artifact business."

She shakes her head. "I wanted to know." She ponders. "I wonder what magical girl Clarisse would make of it. Histories that never happened." A thought occurs to her. "I wonder if we could go looking for her."

"I should think she's likely to show up on her own," you note. "From a historical perspective, we're sitting on a powder keg."

"I wonder what she'd think of us," says Ryouko. "I wonder if she's met time travelers before."

"I don't know," you say. "Kyuubey suggested that it happens from time to time."

"That's true," says Ryouko.

A quiet moment passes.

It's hard to believe, but sometimes these happen from time to time as well.

\[3] Discuss restoring Shizuki Tomoyo's memories.

It's tempting. She'd almost certainly know more. You ponder the idea for a few moments. You decide against it, though, at least for now: as long as you don't *need* to know it's probably best to leave sleeping dogs to lie, so to speak.

Then you get an incoming cell phone call from Homura.

"Hey, Homura," you say on your cellular link. "What's up?"

"Hi Clarisse," says Homura, "I'm, um, I'm sorry I didn't get back to you, but the police were over at my place and it turns out you can't send a text message during time stop."

"What?!"

You patch Ryouko in, playing back the conversation so far at a slightly accelerated rate so that she can catch up.

"They wanted to know about Mami too," says Homura. "But I told them I hadn't seen her, and they kept asking questions about what happened at school."

"Hold on a moment," you say. "Is Amy there?"

"What?" asks Homura. "Amy? What would you — oh, there you are! What were you doing outside?"

"She'll have a recording of what happened."

"What??" asks Homura.

"Technology," you say. "For reference, it also lets you send text messages using your mind."

"Meow," says Amy, in the background. The signal to Homura's place from here is not all that great, but the channel is pretty empty. You wait a few moments as the data load.

"You're okay, though?" you ask Homura.

"Mmm-hmm," she says.

"While I have you on the line, what's Mami's address?"

"I don't know the address," says Homura, "but I know how to get there." She explains with a set of directions, and an apartment number. It should be easy to work out.

"Thanks," you say. "Hold on, let me see this…"

You skim through the kitty's data. Two detectives, a hardboiled old cop and his younger partner. Not quite a good cop bad cop game, but a little bit of that vibe. They seemed to be legitimately interested in the school, which, you suppose, makes a lot of sense. Homura put on an excellent display of shy nervousness, and the younger one, to the point where Detective Mitsuhiro, seemed to be a little uncomfortable. You catch the moment where she must have done the time-stop, but only because you were looking for it; it's quite subtle. Homura said nothing in particular, the two detectives headed outside, Amy snuck out through an open window to follow them, and …

***

"She was damn nervous," says the older one, Detective Ikari.

"Well," says Detective Mitsuhiro, handing a file to his partner, "she has good reason to be. Middle school girl, no parents, just got out of the hospital, new school, doesn't know anybody, place blows up the first day she's there, cops come around asking her questions — yeah, I'd be scared of us."

"Mmm," grunts his partner. "That why you didn't want to take her down to the station?"

"What, you think she's some sort of serial bomber?" asks Mitsuhiro, getting into the car. "Look, she's new in town, hasn't got a motive for anything, doesn't know anybody."

"Fine then," says Ikari. "Looks like the next stop is … Shizuki family," he says.

The younger man puts his keys into the ignition as his partner walks around to the passenger side of the car, but then pauses a moment before starting the engine. "What, like the bank?"

"The ban— oh, *fuck* me," says Ikari.

"Shizuki Theatre? Shizuki Performing Arts Plaza? *That* Shizuki family? Oh, this will be *lots* of fun. Hey, you want to call ahead, let them know we're coming?"

"Aw, *hell* no," says the detective, closing the car door.

They drive off.

***

**> oh shit it's the po-po**

(Homura's still on the line, by the way. If that helps.)

\[ ] Disappear on a sudden errand before the police arrive.
\- \[ ] Bring Hitomi, too.
\- \[ ] Visit Mami's apartment
\[ ] Get ready for a car ride
\- \[ ] (write in a cover story for the police)
\[ ] Warn Hitomi
\[ ] Warn Papa
\[ ] Ask Homura to meet you there, raid the police station under timestop
\- \[ ] Use the opportunity to steal firearms for Homura
