# I was certain she’d refuse.

**\[12] Warn Hitomi + Papa**
\[7] Explain what happened to Papa and work out a plan of action
\[5] Wander off in search of a cake for after dinner, visit Mami's apartment, bring Hitomi too
\[5] Stay put and face the music

You give your thanks to Homura, hang up, and take a deep breath. Here goes.

***

"Listen, detectives," says Papa, "the girls have all been really worried, they were out looking all over town for the past couple of days, and I don't know how much sleep everyone got, but it really wasn't enough. As for myself, I've just gotten back from a trip to the US about an hour ago and I *just* had time for a shower. Meanwhile, their mother is out getting something special for dinner. This is just a really, really bad time."

***

"Okay," you tell Hitomi. "It looks like they've agreed to postpone this, and they're going to be working out specifics." Ryouko is watching from a balcony; she doesn't have a particularly good view, but she can hear quite well. You're sitting on Hitomi's bed.

"Thanks, Clarisse," replies Hitomi. "It was very considerate of you. I'm really not sure how well I could have managed that." She starts to dry her hair with a towel — she'd left it damp, in case she needed to back up the story of abject unreadiness.

You honestly didn't think about Hitomi at all, and you feel a little bad about that now.

"I have confidence you would have managed it," you say, "if it came down to that."

"I'm not," she says. "Not after that."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

She thinks that over for a moment.

"Not really," she concludes, with a sigh, "but I probably should anyway. I mean, you've probably figured it out already."

"Maybe you should still say it, just to be sure," you suggest, not really confident what she's talking about at all.

Hitomi spends a few moments building up the courage to talk.

"I didn't think she'd agree to do it," says Hitomi, in a half-whisper. "I was certain she'd refuse."

Ah.

"She surprised me too," you note.

Hitomi nods, wordlessly.

You consider for a while.

"It would probably hurt him if we were to just suddenly go back on that," you say. "But maybe we can start looking for somewhere else to stay and figure it out as we go. Try to spend more time away —"

Hitomi makes a small pathetic noise, and within a moment, there is a crying girl throwing her head into your lap, and hugging you rather desperately. Her hair is still wet.

"Hitomi!" you exclaim. "Oh, goodness."

"I'm sorry," she says. "I'm sorry, Clarisse, I don't mean to push you away, you're… you're just being nice to me when I've been … I'm a selfish, manipulative little *bitch* who — who's getting exactly what she deserves for it, and you're *still* doing something nice for me, and — I don't deserve it, I don't deserve you, just, please, please don't go…"

"Oh, goodness," you say, weakly.

"See? See, right there! You changed what you say. For *me*. And I've been treating you badly, even though none of this is your fault, I've just been blaming you for bringing bad news, and…"

It's not *exactly* something you did for her, either, and it's sort of weird, but, well… you give her a Hug back anyway, and her grip on you is a little less desperate.

"It's okay, it'll be okay," you promise, patting her on the head.

"I think I can do it if you're here to help," she says. "You said I could rely on you, right?"

The problem is that Hitomi looks too much like Ryouko, and it's really getting to you — but at the same time, you know deep down she's *not Ryouko*, and your loyalties are in conflict. It's pulling at you in strange ways and it's really, really uncomfortable. How does Ryouko handle it? How is she able to just reach into herself, and pull out some sort of a magical answer that puts everything in harmony, reconciles everything? Is that just how it's done?

Maybe you should try.

You close your eyes, and take a deep breath, and …

nothing happens. You're still really conflicted and you don't know what the right thing to do is.

Well.

Ryouko's relying on her and her Papa now. It wouldn't do to have Hitomi be an emotional case. That's the important part, isn't it? You're not betraying your purpose, you're fulfilling it, for Ryouko. She's not a substitute, she'll *never* be a substitute, you're sure of it.

You still feel weird and uncomfortable, though.

Well, maybe it'll get better when she cheers up.

"I did say that," you reply, "and I'll stand by it. I'll do my best."

She nods, sniffling and trying to dry her tears. "Thank you," she says.

"I know it's pretty far out of control," you say, "but it's not all bad, is it? There's the ballet thing, and, well, you know, your Papa cares about you a *lot*. You mean \*everything \*to him, and I think that's real to him now in a way it wasn't three hours ago. You should have *seen* how worried he was about you. You cannot be replaced in his heart."

Hitomi takes a deep breath, and squeezes your hand, and manages a smile.

***

Hitomi is mostly recovered from her emotional outburst, and the three of you are following up with Papa, who has negotiated to drive you down to the station tomorrow morning at 8am.

"So I told them that I'd clear my meetings to be down there with you," he said, "firstly because it's important, but also, so I could demand to know how long this would take."

You nod. "Ryouko was able to hear," you tell him. "A four hour interview does sound a little on the long side, after he pitched 'just a few quick questions.'"

"Exactly," he says. "They're interested in something, they think we know something, and they mean business. So, we're going to have a lawyer down there with us. Hopefully, we won't need him, but if we do, well, it's no worse than if we'd refused to see them at all."

"… are we going to tell him about magical girls too?" asks Ryouko.

"I wouldn't," says Papa. "He'll mostly be there to make sure they take you seriously if you ask to stop. Which, incidentally, is your right. You are *not* under arrest, so you are free to leave *whenever you want*. Answering questions is voluntary, and if they go on a fishing expedition for random gossip, we can ask them to stop."

***

Papa is arranging specifics with his law firm. You compose a group text to everyone else —

Oh, no; on second thought, you don't. The network is a potential adversary here, and you are about to *conspire against the police*. You're going to sit down and figure out how to do properly encrypted Internet over … what is this stupid standard, anyway, IPv4? Then you'll broker the connection via SMS, and you'll be properly encrypted.

But it's not going to work unless you can reconfigure the local network node's filthy, filthy address translation, and that's not a thing that you have permissions to do, you don't have the credentials you only have the wi-fi password, which isn't the same as the admin password, you just tried that.

Unless it's *logically* the same. If *that's* the wifi password, then… it can't be that simple, can it?

admin / yukarihitomi

Well, okay then. Is *that* how the man picks his passwords?

Papa's iffy cybersecurity practices can wait for another moment though. You log in, change the password to something safer and random, then manage the archaic UI to forward certain traffic to a certain static address, which you or Ryouko can listen on as long as you're at home. This should do for now, as long as the girls are on wi-fi, and you can figure out the rest later.

You'll launch a text chat, and send invites — full VR's not only a bit distracting, but might be a little much for twenty-first century's bandwidth standards… to say nothing of its schoolgirls.

\[3] Arrange stories / \[1] Collaborate stories with group and see who else has talked to the cops

\<Clarisse> Hey everyone. I've set up a chat room so we can talk about secret things together.
\<Clarisse> It's encrypted, and only we can get to it, so it should be safe.
\<Clarisse> Right now I'm just running it all myself, so it might go offline later.
\<Sayaka> first
\<Wakaba> omg omg
\<Wakaba> this is super duper cool
\<Madoka> hi everyone!!! <3 <3
\<Clarisse> Anyway, the police came by Hitomi's place. They wanted to ask us all questions, and sort of suggested it would be a quick thing, but they actually wanted us to go down to the station and do a four hour interview.
\<Clarisse> We got them to postpone it until later.
\<Clarisse> If they show up at your door, *contact us immediately*, and try to delay the questioning if possible.

You attach some quick cover story notes: basically, just like the regular story, but without magical girls or lunch on the roof, and ask for any suggestions and amendments.

\<Clarisse> \[attachment: cover story notes]
\<Sayaka> wow okay, that's kinda crazy
\<Wakaba> hold on, reading
\<Madoka> hey is Homura supposed to be here?
\<Clarisse> No, remember. She's magical, but not, um, technological.
\<Madoka> oh, right
\<Madoka> how about the kitty?
\<Yuuka> wait, why would the kitty be on the chat?
\<Madoka> because she's the best kitty in the world! <3 <3 you have to meet the kitty!!
\<Clarisse> The kitty is *not* here for the moment. Maybe later.
\<Nanami> Hey Clarisse, I can run a backup for when you're offline. It might still cut out if we both run into a labyrinth, but it should help.
\<Clarisse> Thank you. That would be very useful.
\<Clarisse> Wait, you can do cellular data?
\<Nanami> Yeah, you need to get the phone company to turn it on though
\<Clarisse> Right. Everyone here needs that, as soon as possible.
\<Nanami> It's more expensive, and slower than the wi-fi, though
\<Clarisse> It could save your life, so hang the expense.
\<Clarisse> Let me know if it's too much, and I will find a way to pay it
\<Yuuka> can any of us help run the chat?
\<Clarisse> I don't think so; not without an implanted computer, and I'm pretty sure only Nanami has one
\<Clarisse> Well, and Ryouko has me.
\<Yuuka> Oh, okay
\<Nanami> also, just to be clear, Spinal Node Tactical Computer v1.8 is not a person
\<Nanami> it talks in your head to ask you questions but it doesn't have thoughts and feelings
\<Sayaka> haha
\<Clarisse> I think we all have the same technology otherwise, which is based on Ryouko.
\<Clarisse> Technically it's a military package for magical girls, which mostly means it's simpler.
\<Clarisse> Ironically this means slightly \*fewer \*physical enhancements, because they're redundant with magic
\<Clarisse> But maybe that's for the best, it's way over the top for the twenty-first century as is.
\<Ryouko> I don't think anyone really wants the ability to drink raw hydrocarbons...
\<Sayaka> Drink what?
\<Nanami> Like gasoline.
\<Sayaka> ewwwwwwww gross
\<Wakaba> so I read the notes, the story is mostly good
\<Wakaba> the thing that's missing is a story about why you two are transferring
\<Sayaka> they were training at an elite ninja martial arts school
\<Sayaka> in the sub-Saharan rainforests of the African Himalayas
\<Sayaka> where Ryouko has obtained a black belt in general-purpose butt-kicking
\<Hitomi> That sounds very exciting! If only the Himalayas were in Africa.
\<Hitomi> The rainforests don't quite sound right either.
\<Sayaka> oh, right
\<Nanami> okay grrl, real talk
\<Nanami> you two were at an elite science academy in America
\<Nanami> it's a private school, of course
\<Nanami> if anyone starts asking questions, just start talking about tensor math
\<Nanami> maybe claim you were on the track team or something, idk
\<Ryouko> … Track team?
\<Nanami> well, running doesn't need a lot of special knowledge
\<Nanami> and you can probably outrun anyone else at the school
\<Nanami> it's not really important, just, people will be asking about hobbies and teams
\<Nanami> and you can't exactly say "I killed aliens"
\<Ryouko> I see…
\<Nanami> maybe rifle club, ha
\<Nanami> I bet you could shoot pretty well if anyone actually called you out on it
\<Nanami> and they're obsessed with guns over there
\<Nanami> then no one pressures you to join that club
\<Nanami> because we don't even have it
\<Wakaba> we do have an archery club, I think, but it's all boys
\<Nanami> of course guns are a little bit more of a *bad girl* image anyway
\<Madoka> yeah, they're pretty scary
\<Ryouko> Oh… I'm not sure about that, then…
\<Madoka> but I guess fighting monsters is scary too
\<Hitomi> Well, what sort of a first impression do you want to make?

While Ryouko and the others discuss that little matter, Yuuka sends a direct message to you, bypassing the group:

\<Yuuka> Hey Clarisse, so, my dad works with the police.
\<Yuuka> Should I ask him about what's going on with the investigation?

Well, *there's* a small complication.

And with that, Mrs. Shizuki has arrived downstairs. She's just come in the door, and is promising to have dinner ready in fifteen minutes.

***

**> ball's in your court**

Agenda review:
\- Police interview Thursday morning
\- Oriko stuff Friday with Homura?

**Manage Yuuka:**
\[ ] Ask Yuuka to just keep quiet
\[ ] Ask Yuuka to ask her dad what's going on

**Help decide on background details:**
\[ ] Private school in America
\- \[ ] with a strong gun culture
\[ ] Himalayan martial arts
\[ ] (write in)
(Any interesting history details or club activities for yourself, Clarisse?)

**After dinner**, we should have some time to pursue our schemes, or follow up on matters from before.
\[x] Arrange data plan upgrade
This should be short.

\[ ] Look for Mami, visit her apartment
\[ ] Hunt for wicked witches
\- \[ ] alone
\- \[ ] with Nanami
\- \[ ] with Homura
\- \[ ] with both of them
\[ ] Research topics of interest (write in)
\[ ] Seek weapons for Homura (write in strategy)
\[ ] (more write ins)
