# A Certain Scientific Index

**\[6] Ask Yuuka to just keep quiet**

\<Clarisse> It's probably for the best if we don't get him involved.
\<Clarisse> Besides, he's probably not supposed to say anything.
\<Clarisse> It wouldn't do to compromise his situation.
\<Yuuka> oh, okay.
\<Clarisse> Thank you for offering, though!

Mrs. Shizuki — you haven't quite worked out whether to call her "mama" or no — is putting on a little show of fuss downstairs.

"Here I was," she complains, hefting a paper bag full of groceries, "hoping to have a tasty tasty dinner for you right when you were *supposed* to get back. You could have called from the airport."

"I'm sorry," he says. "My phone ran down and I didn't have the right charger for it, and no one had anything but those stupid iPhone cables and USB."

"You could have bought a new one," she says.

"I could, but I was trying to make the earlier flight."

"I'm glad you came back early," says Ryouko. "We had some time to talk."

Ryouko is curious to watch, as the bounty of fresh ingredients has surprised her.

You linger upstairs as the chat continues with the rest of the girls.

\<Madoka> i don't think Ryouko will have any trouble at all with first impressions
\<Madoka> she's super pretty <3
\<Sayaka> Haha she might get more love letters than Hitomi
\<Wakaba> Omg i can totally see that
\<Sayaka> Okay so the main thing to watch out is you can give off a weird vibe
\<Sayaka> Like, you say things that don't make sense for the twenty first century
\<Sayaka> like the "goddess" stuff
\<Sayaka> people might think that's weird
\<Ryouko> Yeah…
\<Ryouko> I've been trying not to say that so much, but, it's sort of a habit at this point…
\<Ryouko> I might be doomed :/
\<Sayaka> haha it's okay, we got your back
\<Sayaka> maybe we can just make it a group think
\<Sayaka> then they think we're all weird
\<Nanami> then they *know* you're all weird
\<Sayaka> oh goddess nanami, you're weird now too

Hitomi, downstairs in the kitchen, takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly.

"What's the matter, dear?" asks her Mama.

"Oh, nothing," says Hitomi, smiling. "Just thinking about my day."

\<Yuuka> It's okay, Nanami!
\<Yuuka> We still like you.
\<Wakaba> hahahaha
\<Clarisse> Right, so, I need to attend to Family Things.
\<Clarisse> and maybe figure out a data plan upgrade.

***

**\[5] Arrange data plan upgrade**

While the others are managing in the kitchen, you can speak with Papa on the topic of the data plan upgrade. You quickly run into a snag…

"You need to call them during *business hours?*"

"Indeed," says Papa. "It's unfortunately not always convenient."

"There isn't just a computerized interface to change services?"

"Well, there is," he says, "I just don't think I've set up my account for that yet."

You sigh. Apparently if you want things done right you'll have to do them yourself.

\<Clarisse> Okay, so, data plan's on hold, and I'm going to figure out a mesh network.
\<Clarisse> Everyone should still get data service, in case you end up out of range.
\<Clarisse> But in the meantime, we only need one person near wi-fi.
\<Wakaba> oh, neat, that's a really good idea
\<Wakaba> it'll keep the data usage down too
\<Nanami> sweetness.
\<Nanami> let us know if we can help.
\<Clarisse> I could use some help testing it; I'll let you know when I'm ready.
\<Clarisse> I'll be working on that over dinner here.
\<Nanami> excellence

***

Dinner is pleasantly uneventful. Hitomi shares some specifics of her ballet class; the instructor thinks she should audition for a few roles, the most prestigious of which would be a Clara in a performance of the *Nutcracker*, which would still be a ways out. Ryouko has several questions about the food and its provenance — the fish is apparently a local variety of mackerel, served with daikon. You praise the quality of the cooking politely, and by the end of dinner you have a working mesh configuration. You'll have to see how well it works in the field, but for now, it's a useable start.

***

**\[7] Look for Mami, visit her apartment**

"So if I'm a magical girl in the twenty-first century," considers Ryouko, "I guess the thing to do is to go out and hunt." She ponders the matter, how little of her own hunting she arranges in the twenty-fifth century.

"That's a good point," you say. "We've got a little bit of breathing room now, but we shouldn't get comfortable, we don't know how bad the dry spells are going to be."

Ryouko nods.

"We can ask Nanami if she'd like to help," you suggest. "That worked pretty well earlier. Maybe Homura too."

Ryouko makes a face. She's still not used to the idea of Homura being small and cute. "I suppose it would be good to see how well we work together, at least," she allows.

"Well, the other thing we could do is to try to figure out what happened to Mami," you suggest. "We could go by her place before we set out hunting; I've got the address from Homura. And should be possible for me to do a little bit of multi-tasking now that we have some data options."

"Oh, that's a good idea," says Ryouko. "Hey, thanks for keeping an eye out on these things for me."

"You know I'm always quite happy to help," you say.

She smiles. "No, seriously. You're at home figuring out this craziness like I'm at home ripping apart aliens."

"I am *not* that good at it," you insist.

"Have you always been working this hard," asks Ryouko, "and I just never realized it because I couldn't see?"

"No," you say, "I am definitely in overdrive mode right now. Usually it's the MSY and the military who are doing the real heavy lifting to figure things out, so when we're not in combat, I have plenty of downtime for reading and online hobbies."

Ryouko considers. "What sort of hobbies?"

"Well," you remark, "I've anonymously infiltrated several of your online fan clubs."

"What?!"

"Well, it wouldn't do to have them spreading rumors," you say.

"… Are you sure that's not just more work?" asks Ryouko, skeptical.

"Oh, no, it's my pleasure," you insist.

Ryouko ponders a moment.

"What sort of rumors?"

"At this point, it's mostly crack-shipping," you say. "Ryouko and Clarisse von Rossum is a big one because of the wormhole mission, Ryouko and Kyouko — well, to be fair, they'll ship Kyouko with anyone — there's a few oddly specific ones out there, too…"

"Oh, goddess," says Ryouko.

"A little of that, yeah," you tell her, "but of course it never looks anything like her at all."

"… wait, really?" She sighs.

"Overall it's pretty much just idle fantasies," you say, "fools who think that your girl Asami isn't special enough to be worth your attention. Nothing really worrisome or serious. Though, once the movie comes out, we'll need to be on the lookout for more. It might be worth hiring a PR manager, in case we get called away on a mission and disappear for a while." You consider. "Or if something like this happens again."

"Again?" asks Ryouko.

"Have you seen your life, Ryouko dear?" you ask.

"Ugh," says Ryouko. "Well, no good complaining, I asked for it…"

***

Nanami is busy with family for a while, so Ryouko and you set out by yourselves.

"We'll need to figure out what's most efficient in the long term," you say, "but, given that we have the best teleporter in the world, it might be more efficient if we all split up to cover more ground looking for witches, then brought the team together in one place for fights."

Ryouko nods. "That makes a lot of sense."

"If you can lead the way," you say, "I'll multitask and work on some research."

\[5] Transfer Student Background story: Private school in America
\[4] Space camp?

\<Clarisse> So I think the "transfer student from America" story will help a lot.
\<Wakaba> Yeah that one makes a lot of sense
\<Clarisse> I still need to check what sort of documentation the school has on us.
\<Clarisse> If they don't have details, we might need to make something up.
\<Clarisse> Look for a likely school, probably in America, private.
\<Clarisse> Ideally one that has something to do with space travel.
\<Clarisse> If any of those exist.
\<Wakaba> I dunno, that sounds pretty advanced
\<Wakaba> I haven't heard of anything like that at the junior high level
\<Ryouko> Right, there wouldn't be any space elevators in 2011…
\<Ryouko> How many space stations are there right now?
\<Wakaba> Uhh just the one I think?
\<Ryouko> …
\<Ryouko> oh
\<Ryouko> *super* early space age
\<Sayaka> lol you should go tell JAXA how to do faster than light travel
\<Wakaba> naah, I wouldn't
\<Wakaba> they'd just treat her like a crank
\<Nanami> fuck
\<Nanami> fuck fuck fuck
\<Nanami> i just figured out how education works in the future
\<Clarisse> Oh no. Do you have the Mandatory Session materials?
\<Clarisse> I hadn't thought of that.
\<Nanami> Clarisse
\<Nanami> Clarisse what the fuck
\<Nanami> Clarisse *help*
\<Clarisse> What's wrong?
\<Nanami> They seriously teach you this in middle school?
\<Clarisse> Well, the teaching part is more about how to apply it.
\<Clarisse> The cortical info-dump is before all that.
\<Nanami> I am looking for words
\<Nanami> Clarisse there are no words
\<Nanami> Do you have any idea how valuable some of this information is
\<Clarisse> Uhm
\<Nanami> I literally don't think you can calculate it
\<Nanami> like just as an example of a things that is probably less valuable
\<Nanami> Europe
\<Wakaba> Wait what
\<Nanami> and we have
\<Nanami> seven copies
\<Nanami> and that's just the basic stuff
\<Nanami> I have datasets in the tactical computer
\<Nanami> fuck we have working nanites
\<Nanami> they're specialized as fuck
\<Nanami> but they could still build ones that aren't
\<Nanami> fuuuuuuuck
\<Yuuka> wait so what does that all mean
\<Nanami> it means WE ARE LIKE THE GODS
\<Sayaka> …
\<Sayaka> well geez nanami, melodrama much?
\<Wakaba> actually, um…
\<Wakaba> that's a remarkably mild exaggeration
\<Madoka> what?
\<Madoka> i don't get it :S
\<Wakaba> well, uhm
\<Wakaba> Madoka, if you start thinking about the principal advantages and disadvantages of zero gravity manufacturing
\<Wakaba> what comes to mind first?
\<Madoka> the zero gravity process makes really good crystals, right?
\<Madoka> and, um, you don't want to be making dust because it goes all over
\<Wakaba> and where did you learn that?
\<Madoka> i don't know
\<Yuuka> is that magic?
\<Wakaba> well, it's technology, but the technology got here by magic
\<Nanami> The six of us together could literally rewrite the world economy. everything.
\<Madoka> that's kind of scary
\<Clarisse> I'm not quite sure it'd be that easy.
\<Clarisse> Most of school in the twenty fifth century is practicing with the information.
\<Clarisse> None of us are going to be very good at applying any of it.
\<Clarisse> But yeah, I guess there's a lot of insights in a lot of fields just… there.
\<Clarisse> And working nanites are kind of a big deal.
\<Nanami> okay so takeaway
\<Nanami> and this is super important
\<Nanami> nobody says anything to JAXA
\<Nanami> nobody says anything about space
\<Nanami> nobody says anything about technology
\<Nanami> nobody *breathes* a word of any of this to *anyone*
\<Nanami> until we have a very, very clear strategy
\<Nanami> and everyone is on board with it
\<Nanami> because if someone finds out
\<Nanami> and this blows up in our face
\<Nanami> all of us are beyond screwed
\<Nanami> the world is probably screwed
\<Sayaka> … goddess on a bicycle, nanami

Ryouko isn't paying attention to any of this. The two of you have just arrived at the apartment that's supposed to be Mami's, except she's just realized that the name plate outside doesn't say "Tomoe", it says "Mikuni."

"What," she declares. "No, really, what?"

"Uhm," you begin. "Mami *was* saying something about gaslighting? Maybe Oriko sort of, uh, stole her apartment, instead of just burning it."

"Well, nobody's at home," she says; "think we should go in?"

Suddenly, there's a familiar voice inside Ryouko's head.
\*
Hey, greenbean\*, says Sakura Kyouko. *What's up? She's not home, if you were wondering.*

Ryouko tenses and whirls about, looking for the source. She's not here, she's… actually a safe little distance away, watching from the rooftop of a building in the distance, which is why Ryouko didn't notice her. If she were a sniper, you'd be in serious trouble right now, though.

*Hey, now, easy,* she says.\* I ain't here to hurtcha. Just wondering if you had any news on my old senpai. You wanna ditch that other girl and come up here to talk magical business?\*

***

**> \[flanked unit revealed]**

\[x] Deal with implications of future tech in the 21st century \*later

hi kyouko <3\*
\[ ] She's in league with Oriko! Get ready for a fight!!
\[ ] She's in league with Oriko! Run away!
\[ ] Keep your distance, and propose she mind her own business
\[ ] Pretend you can't hear her, so Ryouko can go talk alone
\[ ] Refuse to move but invite Kyouko down to investigate together
\- \[ ] Psych her out a bit. "I can hear you, Sakura-san, just so you know."

Assuming we talk, what are our questions for Kyouko?
What info are we willing to share with her?
\[ ] (write in question or info)
