# two for the price of one? Hot damn

You have a lot of ideas about how to face Kyouko, but no clear idea which one is the \*best, \*so you lay out the details to Best Girl in summary. *Mostly, we try not to provoke her or offend her,* you note. *Keep our secrets, ask oblique questions. She could be working against us.*

Ryouko considers the options for a moment and looks out towards Kyouko's rooftop spot.

*Clarisse has clearance to know about magical things,* she sends via telepathy. \*May I ask what brings you here, Sakura-san?

Hey now, \*she replies, *I'm not stalking her or nothin'. I just thought I'd drop by while I was in town, for old times's sake, you know?*

Ryouko frowns.

*I might have some idea,* she replies. \*I'm slightly surprised that you don't.

Huh? Whaddaya mean?\* she replies.

***

"Well that ain't right," mutters Kyouko, leaning forward and staring at the apartment's name-plate, as if having her eyes a mere three inches away would somehow dispel a strange illusion.

"And you really have no idea about what happened here?" asks Ryouko.

Kyouko frowns. "You should know. You're her kouhai, right?" She looks you over. "Yeah, she picked a real pretty one, didn't she?"

*Oh, goddess, I think she's jealous,* you warn Ryouko.

"That's … complicated," says Ryouko.

"Ha!" exclaims Kyouko. "You don't need to tell me it's complicated, girl. I've been there." She turns to look at you. "I gotta hand it to her, though. She knows how to pick the cute ones. I'm a little jealous. And two for the price of one? Hot damn." She whistles.

"I'm not quite sure what you're getting at," says Ryouko.

You find yourself blushing, it's very distracting, and … do you actually need to clarify what Kyouko, of all people, is implying here? Ryouko can't be *that* dense, can — oh who are you kidding, of course she can be that dense.

"Hey, listen, green bean," she says, taking a step or two back and reaching out to place her arm around Ryouko's back, taking her by the shoulder —

Ryouko, somewhat tense, is startled at the sudden touch, and springs into action with her violence, ducking low to sweep out Kyouko's feet from underneath her, then slamming a shoulder into her mass; unprepared, Kyouko finds herself flung sideways and flies down the length of the balcony, skidding along the tiled surface for a short distance before bumping into to the door to the stairwell at the end.

Kyouko props herself up and looks at Ryouko askance for an awkward moment.

"Oh goddess, you startled me, are you all right?" Ryouko exclaims.

"… I said *not* to antagonize her, Ryouko!" you cry, putting your hands to your mouth.

"I'm so sorry!" she adds.

Kyouko starts to laugh, and it's a little unsettling. She summons her spear.

Ryouko quickly steps in front of you to shield you from an onslaught, and transforms, but Kyouko simply uses the spear to help herself stand back up, then banishes it, and dusts herself off, shaking her head.

"Hah," she chuckles, "well you're a feisty one, now, ain'tcha? I can see how you got the job. Yow." She grins like she's really pleased.

"Huh?" asks Ryouko.

You shake your head. "We are presently investigating some suspicious events surrounding Tomoe-san," you explain.

"Like what kinda events?" asks Kyouko, strolling back in your direction.

"Suspicious explosions at her school that are all over the news," you offer. "General disappearance. Apartment strangeness."

"Huh," says Kyouko.

"Do you know anything about what this might be about?" asks Ryouko, pointing at the sign.

"I don't know nothing," she says, opening the door to the apartment. "Want to find out?"

***

"What the hell is this?" asks Kyouko, leaning in to get a look.

"You're really saying you don't know anything about it," observes Ryouko, standing a few steps back. She's de-transformed.

"Because it never happened," Kyouko insists.

Mami's apartment is mostly tidy, with the exception of a variety of framed photos that have been thrown about violently, glass broken, a few shards where they oughtn't be. You're holding in your hands one that shows a beach scene, Kyouko standing amidst the waves and triumphantly lifting a small Yuma over her head in while Kirika is flailing about, trying not to fall over. Oriko, the only one not wearing a swimsuit, looks over the scene in amusement.

"Strictly from the perspective of this composition," you note, "it is a little suspicious. If this is real, it's a very lucky shot, and Mikune-san is about to get very wet herself. And she's not really dressed for the beach. And really, the young lady ought to have her hair down if she's going to be in the water."

"There are several of what appear to be Chitose-san's drawings in the kitchen, as well," observes Ryouko, looking at the fridge.

You hand the picture over to Kyouko and take a look. "The whole arrangement seems off; I thought Mikune-san had a nice house on the east side of the city." There's something off about the place. It doesn't quite seem lived-in, somehow.

Kyouko picks bits of glass out of the broken picture frame, turns it upside down so that a few more fall out, then licks the surface of the photograph.

Ryouko tilts her head and looks at the girl funny.

"Tastes like magic," Kyouko says, sort of explaining, "but way too far gone to tell whose. I take it Mami never taught you that trick?"

Ryouko shakes her head No, briefly entertaining the idea of trying it herself with enhanced taste-buds before realizing how little that has to do with anything.

You look over the crayon pictures. The first is typical of the refrigerator crayon drawing genre, a crude representation of the apartment building with lopsided heads underneath. A green haired girl with pigtails and pointy ears on her hat — Yuma herself presumably — next to a simple Kyouko, Kirika, Oriko, all color coded and labeled. In another, Kyouko and Kirika peer out the windows while Oriko gets the door for … hmm.

"Sakura-san," you ask, dreading the answer, "would you have any idea who is depicted in this drawing here?"

"Huh?"

"The girl at the door," you say, "with the black hair, and orange accents."

"… Sunovabitch," says Kyouko. "It's tangerine girl, what'sername. Sumi. Sumo… It's foreign," she says. "She's like on some sort of endless cursed quest across all of time and space and eternity to save her one true love from death and despair, or some woo-woo bullshit like that. Barrier generator, but it's really weird. Kirika loves it."

"That's very interesting," you say. "Was there anything else to this story?"

"I wasn't paying that much attention," says Kyouko. "She was a total idiot and made a wish for someone else, which always goes wrong — trust me, I know this one from experience — and crushes on her like nobody's business apparently just goes creeping on her and saving her life time after time, but the girl likes someone else and she doesn't even knowmygod it's you, isn't it?"

"Uhm," says Ryouko.

"Well if it is," you say, hedging, "this is the first we've heard of it, so it would fit us not knowing."

Kyouko points at Ryouko accusingly. "You know her, though, don't you? You talk like her. Well, without the accent. And your gem is a star. She went on for like fifteen minutes about it while I was trying to eat."

"Clarisse," enquires Ryouko, "are we ever going to be able to meet someone new in this town, and talk to them for like five minutes, *without* them discovering intimate secrets?"

"I blame Simona for this one," you say.

"That's it!" exclaims Kyouko. "Shizuki Simona. Weird French name or something."

"She's passing herself off as a *Shizuki?"* asks Ryouko. "That is *not* her real family name."

"Technically," you note, "we can't be sure what her real name is."

Ryouko sighs. "Really?"

"I tell you what, though," you say. "This probably isn't Kyouko's top concern; why don't we try to figure out what who's been doing things to Mami's apartment and why?"

"It's likely Yuma who did it," says Kyouko. "Oriko's been having her practice, like … she'll burn a rose, and have Yuma bring it back in a different color. It's like a weird healing thing." She pauses. "Now, I've got no idea why…"

"What is your relationship with Oriko, then?" you ask.

"Freelance contractor," says Kyouko. "She pays cash, food, \*and \*grief seeds. I don't know nothin' about this, though. Hell, I barely know anything about the errands, she's always deliberately vague. They all just magically end up working out." She pauses. "Like, literally. That's the magic."

"I see," says Ryouko, frowning.

*How much should we be sharing with her about all this?* she asks you internally.

***

**> manage information disclosure**

Pick a setting:
\[ ] Invite Kyouko out to get some food, and talk
\[ ] Hang around in the Mami cave instead
\[ ] (is there somewhere else we ought to consider? arcade?)

Learn more about Oriko:
\[ ] Ask obliquely about Oriko related matters
\[ ] Share that you have disrupted Oriko's plans, inviting Kyouko to conspire against her

Tell Kyouko that Mami:
\- \[ ] might be alive but you're not sure
\- \[ ] was tricked by Oriko into wasting magic, was eaten by a witch, but might be alive again
\- \[ ] was in a big fight with you, and you sort of killed her, but she might be alive again
\- \[ ] (some other story)

Tangerine, anyone?
\[ ] Explain briefly what you know about Simona
\[ ] Explain the "set you up on a time travel date" part

Kyouko seems to think you're the new *her*.

With regards to Mami:
\[ ] Keep up the notion that Mami is Ryouko's senpai
\[ ] Dispel the notion that Mami is Ryouko's senpai
\[ ] Explain that Mami is your future-senpai

With regards to Kyouko:
\[ ] Remain wary of the interest of the Kyouko
\[ ] Play along coyly and see what happens
\[ ] Have Ryouko attempt to Kyouko the Kyouko
\[ ] Attempt to Kyouko the Kyouko
\- \[ ] use tips from the book. you know the one.
