# It sounds useful, doesn’t it? But they aren’t safe.

\[6] Invite Kyouko out to get some food, and talk
-\[6] 'Food' in this case means sitting down somewhere, or hunting witches as a team. Either is good for bonding.

Well, either is good for bonding, but one of them is more immediately effective for conversation, so you might as well try it first.

"Miss Sakura," you say. "I think the three of us have a lot to talk about, but I am hesitant to discuss matters openly right here. Even if it's not really Oriko's apartment…" You consider briefly. "She's had ample opportunity to place recording equipment, or similar enchantments."

"Huh," says Kyouko. "You got somewhere else in mind?"

"I'm afraid we don't know Mitakihara all that well," you apologize. "A quiet cafe, perhaps, where we can talk without people overhearing?"

"Without people overhearing?" she says, tilting her head. "I might know a place. You payin'?"

***

"I can't say that an arcade is exactly what I had in mind," you observe loudly, "but you're right, we won't really be overheard." Not with that music playing, anyway.

"It's not *just* an arcade," says Kyouko, "Fun City is, quote, an 'entertainment destination'."

"What's the difference supposed to be?" asks Ryouko.

"First, they have things like bowling," says Kyouko, then grins; "second, and more importantly, they serve food."

"I see," you say.

"It's not usually too busy here until later in the week," she says, "so we just need to get one of the tables over that way."

***

"We'll have three America Burgers," says Kyouko. "Extra hot sauce."

"… Miss, are you sure?" asks the man at the counter. "The America burger is pretty b—"

"I know exactly what it is," she says. "I've had it before. That's why I'm ordering it."

"Wait, what's the America Burger?" asks Ryouko.

"Two kilograms of beef," says Kyouko.

"Oh," says Ryouko. "That's not too bad, then."

Kyouko narrows her eyes. "Yeah, well, talk is cheap."

\[6] Play along coyly and see what happens

"Oh, is that how it is?" you say, and turn to the server. "Better make it four, then, just to be safe. Can you do them rare?"

***

Ryouko has consumed two of the burgers, and is now finishing yours. The hot sauce is too unsettling, too strong a physical sensation.

"Sweet Jesus' name," says Kyouko, watching Ryouko eat, "you weren't messing around."

"I wouldn't want us to be known for half measures," you reply.

"I've had better," says Ryouko. "There's no way this meat is anywhere *near* rare."

"Yeah, well, the point ain't *fine dining*," says Kyouko.

"Of course not," you say. "The point is talking about important business."

"That's fine," says Kyouko. "I got food in me now. Let's talk."

You nod, take a deep breath, and look Kyouko in the eye. "Sakura-san, what's your sign?"

-\[6] Ask her what her zodiac sign is. Then explain you think a magical girl is sending messages based on horoscopes.

"My … what?!?" asks Kyouko. Her eyes go wide, and she blushes. "I don't — I'm not — "

Ryouko pauses her eating to look at Kyouko, puzzled.

The girl struggles a few more seconds, then finds her tongue. "Geez, Clarisse," she declares. "Okay, first, I was raised Christian, I don't believe in that kinda crap, and second, wow, that's a little forward, don't you think? I ain't that kinda girl! And if I was, I wouldn't even be *into* girls!"

Ryouko is now absolutely bewildered. "You're not?"

"I'm n— what the Hell kind of lies and slander has Mami been spreading about me? Wow." Kyouko's cheeks are flushed red.

You attempt to process that. "Wait, if you're not — then what was that outside Mami's apartment?"

"Outside her…" She attempts to process this. "You attacked me!"

"You were flirting pretty hard," you tell her. "What was that big goofy grin after Ryouko hit you?"

"That — I — Shut up!!" she says, and snatches a menu from the table to hide her face.

Ryouko processes this information, a little confused. "Hitting someone is flirting?"

"Before that, too, when she was saying — Ah." You realize something. "She *wasn't* flirting after all. Those were just… power moves, to make us uncomfortable, and get us mad, so that she could fight you. Because she's still hung up on Mami, and she thinks you're Mami's new kouhai."

"I'm not hung up on —" begins Kyouko meekly, behind the menu, then stops, and peeks out.

"Wait," she asks, her voice mostly back to normal, "you're not her kouhai?"

Ryouko sighs. "It's complicated."

\[6] Explain that Mami is your future-senpai. Mention that you have another future-Senpai, who was once Mami's Kohai herself. Neither confirm nor deny any follow up questions.

"Mami is Ryouko's senpai in the future," you say. "One of two, actually. Her other senpai … was once Mami's kouhai as well."

"Wait — what do you mean in the future?" asks Kyouko.

"… You didn't already get that from Simona?" asks Ryouko.

"I was *trying* not to pay attention to that freak," she replies.

You sigh. "We probably shouldn't say any more, then. Time travel secrets."

"Time travel?" asks Kyouko. "Bullshit."

"There are at least four time travellers in Mitakihara City right now," you declare, "and possibly five. That we know about. They're not all from the same time, and some of them are much better about future secrets than others."

"Prove it," says Kyouko.

"We really shouldn't," you insist. "We're trying to be better about future secrets."

"You want me to help with Oriko, right? If you want me to trust what you say about your angle on it, that means showing me some bona fides. I ain't lifting a finger to help you guys out with Oriko without *some* sort of proof," she declares.

You sigh.

"Okay, *one* thing then," you say. "One harmless party trick. That's all you're getting. Is that okay?"

"Yeah, fine," she says.

"Watch very carefully, and look out, because I don't want you saying that we cheated afterwards by using magic."

Kyouko thinks about that a moment. "Okay, that sounds a little backwards, but I think I get your drift."

You take out your bag, and toss Kyouko your cell phone. "Any magic? Any enchantments at all?"

She flips it open, inspecting it carefully. For a moment, you're worried she might try licking it, which might be a little gross, but she refrains.

Well, here goes.

*ring ring ring*

Kyouko accepts the call. "Yeah, hello?"

*"I am calling this cell phone using my mind. No magic, just cybernetic implants from the future."*

Kyouko lets go of the phone with a start, and it clatters onto the table.

"Okay, that is some freaky shit," says Kyouko.

"That's *all*, now, okay?" you say. "We're here right now to deal with Oriko, not the future."

She shudders. "Okay, okay, fine. I believe you, jesus."

You nod. "Now, where to begin… Oh, yes, we were talking about the horoscopes. We think that someone is trying to use them to send messages to magical girls."

"Ha!" says Kyouko. "Tell me something I don't know. I did the layout on that one."

"Oh," you say. "You left off a sign."

"So sue me," says Kyouko, "They don't show up that often in church bulletins, okay? Only thing Oriko cared about was Pisces."

***

\[6] Mami was tricked by Oriko into wasting magic, was eaten by a witch, but might be alive again. Yes, we saw it. She was yelling about gaslighting while attacking, the witch showed up, and we died. We aren't the only ones that came back to life, so we're seeing if Mami came back too. Ask if Kyouko thinks that Oriko is going keep her around long term, or really has her best interests at heart. Her power lets her seem entirely trustworthy until she isn't.
*yes, i've slightly reordered and reparented these for my convenience as author*

You share the story of Mami's demise.

Kyouko furrows her brow, and frowns.

"That is some freaky shit," she declares.

"Just a little bit, yes," says Ryouko.

"If I hadn't seen her apartment myself," declares Kyouko, "I wouldn't believe a word of it." She sighs.

"So permit to ask, then," you say. "Do you think Oriko has your best interests at heart? Do you think she's going to keep you around for the long term? Because her power lets her seem entirely trustworthy, until suddenly she —"

"Shut up," she interrupts. "I get it, all right? I knew it was shady business when I got into it, but I was hungry, and damn low on magic. You two don't know what that's like yet, do you?"

Ryouko swallows, and closes her eyes. "No," she says, quietly. "No, I don't."

You pause a moment yourself, and take a softer tone.

"I'm sorry," you say. "And, I don't blame you. Actually," you realize, "if I had to guess, she might have put you in that position to begin with. If she knew where to find all the witches…"

Kyouko smashes her fist into the table, rattling the plates on it.

"That bitch," she mutters. "Of course she did." She sighs, and shakes her head. "So, what, are you guys here from the future to stop whatever she's doing?"

\[6] Explain briefly basically everything you don't know about Simona. Briefly.
-\[6] Basically rant about how nothing she does seems to make sense, she's never around, and she had the least subtle crush on your girl until Asami.

You sigh. "I wish. We came here from the future because Simona dragged us into this mess. Why? We don't know. How? Not exactly sure. To what end? Nobody knows. Nothing she does makes sense, she's never been around, about the only thing we really do know about her is that she had the *least* subtle crush on Ryouko until Asami." You take a breath.

"Christ on a bicycle," says Kyouko. "I'd hate to see what Asami's affection looks like."

"Okay, so that level of obsession you talked about is new," you say. "Also, I don't know where she came up with the idea of calling herself Shizuki Simona. She's not a Shizuki as far as either of us is aware. That's a special new level of crazed obsession. For all we know she's conspiring with Oriko to make Ryouko her bride."

"Wait," says Ryouko, "you really think she'd do that?"

"She seems pretty obsessed," you warn Ryouko.

"Well, I only saw her the one time, when I was over to dinner," says Kyouko, "and she was just on about her picture-perfect princess with a star for a soul. Poor Kirika was rolling her eyes the whole time and looked like she was ready to die."

"Was there anyone else there?" you ask.

"Hmm? Just Yuma-chan," says Kyouko. "Little girl, actually really nice. Not sure why she's part of the crew, actually."

"We know about Yuma," says Ryouko. "Both her parents died…"

"Oh, Jesus," says Kyouko.

"That's another thing," you add. "If we're going up against Oriko, we should either try to leave Yuma out of it, or see if she can be turned to our side."

"What?" Kyouko asks. "I thought you said you weren't here to fight Oriko!"

\[6] Share that you have disrupted Oriko's plans, inviting Kyouko to conspire against her
-\[6] Here's my number. Call me if you need anything, but keep it to yourself. I don't make a habit of distributing my number freely.
\--\[6] Ask her to keep an eye out for Asami too. If she sees her, just tell her that Ryouko is around, and try and put them in contact.

"We're not *here from the future* to fight Oriko," you say. "It looks like that's just what we have to do here, because she's trying to get us killed. Fighting someone who can tell the future is definitely tricky, but there's ways, and we seem to have disrupted her plans already just by coming back from the dead, and from what we've found so far, her plans are very brittle when she plans too far in advance," you say.

"Huh," says Kyouko. "Like the butterfly effect, or something, I guess."

"Precisely," you agree. "So, if you're on board with putting an end to her manipulation and lies, then first things first. I should give you my cell phone number."

Kyouko twists her face. "I thought we'd established I'm not that kind of girl," she says, with that playful bullying tone of hers again.

"Now, Kyouko, my darling, my dearest," you respond, with deliberate affect, "this number is for you and you alone. Please, treasure it always."

Kyouko takes a few seconds before she responds to that. "Ha! Okay, I was asking for that one."

"Yes, you totally were," you declare, handing her the number. "And, seriously, don't give this number out. Unless you meet a magical girl named Nakihara Asami with gravity powers, in which case, just make sure one of you calls us right away."

Kyouko contemplates the paper you've slipped her. "Right," she says. "First thing, I'm going to put up some graffiti. 'For a good time, call Clarisse.' Pretty little hearts around it."

"Damn," you say. "Well, I was about to call the phone company anyway for a data plan. I guess I'll tell them I need a new number, too."

"Okay for real, though," says Kyouko. "The three of us are going to take Oriko down."

Suddenly, a new voice enters the conversation.

"That's very interesting to hear, Sakura Kyouko," says Kyuubey, rounding a corner and approaching his table. "And to think, I was concerned that you might be against the idea."

"Whoa whoa whoa whoa, what?" says Kyouko, in surprise. "What's your angle on it?"

"Kyouko," he says, "you know that I never take sides when you girls are fighting each other. But this is a special case. Oriko has become very dangerous."

"Oh," says Ryouko, "has she?"

The bunny-cat nods its head. "She has been inexplicably hostile to me for quite some time already," he says, "but now, her reckless experiments are putting everyone in danger, magical girls and civilians alike. She must be stopped." He hops up on the table.

"What kind of a danger?" asks Kyouko.

Kyuubey extends a forepaw to touch the table in front of him, then takes it away, and on the surface is a small, perfectly black cube.

"This cube is a powerful magical device which my kind has invented, but never used," he explains, "and one which we certainly would never dream of using on Earth. This one is not active, and that is the only reason that I permit it to be here now."

Kyouko picks it up between her fingers, testing it, before setting it back down.

"Each and every one of these cubes which we have created are accounted for," continues Kyuubey, "but Oriko has somehow obtained at least six of them."

"… Six," repeats Ryouko, blankly. *We brought like twelve or thirteen, right?* she thinks.

"We believe that they are stolen from the future, and have been returned to the present day via time manipulation magic. Ryouko, have you ever met a magical girl named Shizuki Simona?"

"Yes…?" your girl replies, hesitantly, then continues more confidently. "I mean, I don't know if that's her real name, but, I'm pretty sure we're talking about the same girl. We were just telling Kyouko that we think she's behind a lot of our troubles. But, uh, I honestly don't have any idea what she'd be doing with something like those."

Kyuubey nods, and with a flick of the paw, tosses the cube into the slot on his back.

"So what *are* they?" asks Kyouko.

"Think of them as weapons," says Kyuubey.

"Weapons?" says Ryouko, frowning.

Kyuubey nods again, and continues. "If a grief seed is a witch's egg, then this is the seed of a magical creature that might stand up to witches. It sounds useful, doesn't it? But they aren't safe. The grief twists them into monstrous forms, and they cannot be controlled. It would be a dark day indeed before I would permit them on this planet willingly. I should hate to see them set loose and running wild."

***

**> Earth-Incubator relations**

\[ ] Explain future grief cube ecosystems to Kyouko in Kyuubey's presence
\[ ] Agree to Kyuubey's *perfectly legitimate* proposal
\[ ] Explain to Kyouko after he's gone that Kyuubey can't be trusted either
\- \[ ] Tell her about soul gems to demonstrate how he keeps people in the dark
\[ ] Question Kyubey about this business. (write in questions/goals)
\[ ] Explain nothing to anyone. Keep your secrets.

Hey, so, any idea what's up after this dinner-date?
Not sure what our priorities look like after this.

\[ ] (**write in** some priorities)
