# He was asking for it!

\[3] Ask for more details on the Cubes.
You're going to be dealing with them, so you'd like to know what you can expect

Right, this is sort of a softball question, as you have every reason to be interested in it. It would make a fine opening to your line of questioning.

\*Is it just me, \*you ask Ryouko internally, \*or is that explanation the sketchiest thing you've ever heard?

He just said grief cubes were an incubator weapon! *she replies*. When did this happen??! No one ever said anything about that back home!!

It's worse than that, *you observe.* The phrasing was that we should *think* of them as a weapon. He didn't even say they were to fight witches, it was all as a hypothetical. We should ask for more details.

Right\*, she acknowledges.

"Kyuubey," asks Ryouko, "the idea of facing Incubator weapons is... frightening. Can you tell us more, so that we know what we're going to be up against?"

"Incubator?" asks Kyouko.

"I'm afraid I'm not allowed to say too much," says Kyuubey. "I can say that they shouldn't present a danger much worse than witches. The real hazard is that they can self-replicate."

"Self replicating weapons??!" asks Kyouko. "That's, like, crazy dangerous."

"This is why they were never used," he says. "It would be irresponsible, save in the most dire straits."

"Hold on a minute," says Kyouko, leaning in. "Witches self-replicate too, don't they? Familiars break off all the time. How are these things different?"

"Witches do self-replicate," admits Kyuubey, "but as the familiars become further and further removed from the original, they deteriorate."

"Then where do these original witches come from?" she demands.

"Why — from your souls, of course," says Kyuubey. "Where else?"

***

Kyuubey explains.

~~\[6] Try to get Kyuubey to explain to Kyouko about her soul.
\[6] Try to get Kyuubey to explain witches.
\[3] Ask about the incubators' other constructs. Pursue knowledge of Grief.~~
apparently this whole subject area was studded with land-mines just waiting to explode in your face, *who could have guessed*

***

*You were right and I was wrong,* says Ryouko internally. \*Clarisse, you were right, and …

Forget that,\* you insist. \*Are you okay?

It's not supposed to work like this\*, she replies, with an overtone of anger. \*It doesn't work like this. It's wrong and he's screwed it all up somehow. \*Her belief in the fundamental rightness of *her* universe is grounding her in confidence.

Kyouko is not doing so well.

"You little freak!!!" she exclaims, seizing Kyuubey by the ear. "You manipulative rat-bastard! How dare you lie to everyone like that?"

"That's an unfair charge," says the incubator. "I've never once told you girls *anything* but the truth."

"Technically, maybe," says Ryouko. "If you intentionally leave out parts of the truth, to get better results, that's basically the same thing, though."

"Well, if that's how you feel, I suppose there's no arguing with it," says Kyuubey. "But really, don't we both benefit? You asked for your wishes freely, after all."

"Yeah, but nobody knew about the 'Thanks For Playing, Screw You, and Screw Everything You Ever Loved' gotcha at the end!" says Kyouko.

"You can't speak as if that's\* our\* fault," he says. "It's only natural. How could you expect otherwise?"

"I don't believe you," says Ryouko. "How is that natural? Emotions don't work like that."

Kyuubey sighs. "Magic," says the dangling creature, "is like electricity. You can build up very high levels of electric charge, but without a difference in charge, it will not flow. You wouldn't say that there's a *potential*. It's the same with magical girls. For a girl to have magical potential, she must experience despair at *least* equal to the hope she puts into the wish. It's a basic conservation law."

Kyouko cries out in anger, and squeezes the incubator's neck. Incubators are full of a fluffy substance, which pops out from his head like an overstuffed toy animal with a burst seam.

"Oh goddess, you've ... killed him," says Ryouko.

"He was asking for it!" says Kyouko.

"No, I mean, you beat me to it," says Ryouko, a little disappointed.

There is a crackling sound, like electricity arcing, and a glow from behind a nearby cabinet. It casts a pattern of dark and shadow over the table.

"I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again," says Kyuubey.

Kyouko turns to stare, though Ryouko is a little better prepared.

"I have countless spares, of course," says the creature, "but don't make me use them for no reason! It's *such* a waste."

He quickly hops up on the table, snatching the corpse by an ear with his mouth, then leaps down onto the floor a few meters away and starts eating it.

Kyouko just stares at him, until he finishes eating, emitting a cute little burp, and turns to face those two.

"I hope the two of you will give consideration to the matter I discussed," says Kyuubey. "Even if you two are upset with me for some reason, I'm sure you don't want another set of dangerous monsters running around, threatening civilians and magical girls alike. Goodbye!"

He dashes off.

***

**> recover from info-bomb shell-shock**

\[ ] Reassure Kyouko by telling her you're from a future where it's not like that.
\[ ] Attempt to walk back your plan to fight **Oriko**.
\[ ] Call up **Oriko** and warn her of this interference
\[ ] Try to get in contact with Simona.

\[x] Make sure Kyouko has a place to stay
\[x] Ask if Kyouko would like to join The Gang™
\[x] Discuss goals and objectives with The Gang™
\[x] Explain to The Gang™ that **Kyuubey** can't be trusted
\- \[ ] Explain witches to everyone, too.
