# a dispute about the difficulty of a mathematical problem

\[3] Look for local copies of documents in Papa's office

"Half a second!" you reply to the lawyer, then quickly survey the room.

"If I were a cache of paperwork about schools and visas transfers and things," you ask, "where around here would I be?"

The papers are not in the filing cabinet.

You sigh. "Well, this is going to be exciting, then."

Papa closes his eyes, taking a deep breath. Then, he takes out his keys from his pocket, and turns to open a locked cabinet. You glimpse inside: there is an antique folding camera, on top of its original box, an unlabelled 3cm binder, a jade box carved with the sun and moon, and… two colorful file folders, one of them light purple and the other green.

He touches the jade box, paying it a small reverence, and removes the folder, before shutting the cabinet, then turns to you and nods.

***

"Is that the school paperwork?" asks Mr. Shindou? He's driven brought a van that fits everyone, and you read the file in the car.

"Yes," you say. "We thought there's a small chance it could be useful." The school *is* an American science magnet school, but not the one you'd found online before.

"I imagine they'll have a copy of what you supplied to the Mitakihara school system," he says, "and there's certainly nothing that they would worry about in there."

You nod.

"And if they've truly gone above and beyond in their efforts," he says, buckling his seat belt, "then don't worry, we'll be ready for that too." He starts the engine.

That's a little worrisome.

***

**\[5] Proceed to interview at station as previously planned**

"I understand that you were set to start at the middle school earlier this week," says Mitsuhiro, conversationally, looking over some notes, "before this delay."

You nod.

"Were you looking forward to it?"

"Well, it's *school*," you say, hedging, "but… I've already made some new friends."

"That's good to hear," the detective says.

You are being questioned in a room with an all-too-obvious one-way mirror. Ryouko, Hitomi and Papa are waiting outside, and holding on to your files. Ryouko is close enough that she can snoop on the mumbling from the next room.

"I don't like it," says the voice of the other cop, Mr. Ikari, to someone who isn't saying anything. "The whole point of questioning them separately is to look for inconsistencies in their stories. If the lawyer's here, that's like half of it just *gone*."

The other party mumbles something about the futility of the matter, given that people have rights.

You suppose it's a good thing they don't know you can communicate *anyway*.

"If you don't mind me asking," says Mitsuhiro, "what occasions the sudden return from overseas?"

"It's, ah, complicated," you reply, putting on an air of slight embarrassment. The files don't actually say. "It didn't seem like the right fit anymore, and we missed family."

"I have a number of questions to help me understand the context," he says. "The Salem Academy for the Sciences is a notable magnet school, is this correct?"

"I suppose so, yes," you say.

"You only suppose?"

"I'm ill-positioned to comment on its notability," you tell him.

He nods. "And it's a girls-only school," continues the detective.

"The full-time enrollment is exclusively young women," you tell him. "There are some classes offered in cooperation with a local university which are co-educational." The website FAQ indicated this much.

"But for the most part, girls?"

"Yes."

He nods. "Well, I'm pleased to see the official transcript notes there weren't any discipline problems at all," he says, "which is certainly a good sign. Out of an abundance of caution, however, I reached out to the administration there, and I learned that there might have been some unfortunate romantic entanglements involving your sister?"

Oh, Ryouko.

"Ryouko attracts many admirers," you note broadly, "but she hardly even notices them."

"Perhaps so," agrees the detective, "but I'm not sure what to make of it when the reports involve, quote, 'half of the student body,' at an all girls school."

Oh dear goddess. *Ryouko*.

"I agree that seems excessive," you say. "If that is accurate, then I was not aware of the extent of the problem."

"I see," he says. "I also understand there were a few allegations lodged about you being involved with, quote, 'witchcraft'?"

"Allegations of what?!?" you exclaim, in surprise. "From whom?"

"From the science faculty," he says, drily.

Oh, goddess.

"Detective," says Mr. Shindou, "are minor academic disputes at a junior high school on the other side of the world truly relevant to this investigation?"

"I'll be direct," says Mitsuhiro, leaning forward in his chair towards the two of you. "I'm trying to understand whether the 'PNP incident' involved explosives, and why there's no mention of it here."

You boggle for a moment trying to imagine what that could *possibly* be about. Explosives are exactly what you *don't* want to be involved with here, and you haven't heard of an explosive called PNP, certainly not a twenty-first century one…

"The incident you refer to was a dispute about the difficulty of a mathematical problem," says the lawyer.

Oh... \*oh.

Goddess protect me\*, you think to yourself, and somehow, explosives suddenly sound a lot like the \*less \*harmful option. *Clarisse, what the hell?* you think to your counterfactual-past counterpart.

"If that's case," asks the detective flatly, "why was the school evacuated?"

Mr. Shindou sighs. "Shall I?" he asks you.

"Most certainly," you say.

"The United States military communicates using encrypted messages," he begins. "As such, certain encryption algorithms are, from time to time, legally designated as 'munitions'. The instructor, aware of but misunderstanding a law about arms trafficking, elected to call the police, who were quite understandably confused and took action as befits a bomb threat. The instructor officially apologized, the school paid a small fine, no charges were filed, and I don't know who exactly you've been talking to over there, but you will find there is no official record involving Clarisse for the very simple reason that all of the officials involved agree that *absolutely nothing happened*."

"I see," says the detective once more, leaning back in his chair once more. "You of course wouldn't mind if I were to verify this?"

"Please. And I would be all too happy to assist," says your lawyer.

***

You send a summary of the P=NP incident to Hitomi, who stifles a giggle, and Ryouko, who quietly relays it to the elder Shizuki per your suggestion. The detective's questioning drags on for a while, mostly asking about your morning on the day of the incident. You answer truthfully in vague terms, mentioning the closed library and Ryouko's run-in with the crazy cat lady, though you leave yourself out of that one, just in case, and then you went home for lunch. Finally, the detective seems mostly satisfied; he closes his folder of notes, stands up, and takes a box off a shelf on the wall.

"I have here a number of items," he says, setting it down on the table, and opening the lid. "Can you tell me whether you've seen any of them before?"

The box contains a little stack with Ryouko's clothes, all neatly folded: her dress, socks, and her underpants (green and white). Next to them are her shoes, and the pile of decoy soul gems.

***

**> lie to the police?**

\[] Disown the items
\[] Say you're not sure
-\[] Offer to try them on to check
\--\[] then attempt to extract decoy soul gem covers
\[] Identify Ryouko as the owner
\[] Identify yourself as the owner
\[] (write in some other likely story or tactic)
\[] blow his mind with the truth

\[] Call Homura to help empty the box under timestop
-\[] Look at other case notes under timestop
-\[] (write in timestop raid hit list)
