# I am and ever shall remain sincerely yours

**\[6] Offer to screen it the letter first, for psychological warfare**
-\[5] IF a love letter THEN Ask the resident love letter expert, Hitomi, to read it
\--\[5] AFTER Ryouko reads it

Hitomi opens the door and peeks her head inside. "Did you get a package?" she asks.

"An envelope," says Ryouko, "a … love letter, we think. From overseas."

"Overnight delivery\*,\*" you add, "from the school that we supposedly attended."

Hitomi shakes her head. "I'm not sure that's any good," she says. "Madoka aid — well, her mother told her to tell me, but, Madoka said that love letters are no good, and you should tell the person you like in person."

"I think we're all skeptical of it, then," says Ryouko. "We've heard some pretty worrisome things about Simona."

You nod. "I'll make sure it's not too abusive or manipulative, then, if you're afraid."

Ryouko nodnodnods.

The larger envelope contains a smaller one, labeled simply 'Ryouko.' This inner envelope, and the stationary therein, are of a finer paper, watermarked subtly with a field of five-pointed stars. The message itself is written in English, and in *cursive*, of all things, with an elegant hand, and the same orange pen. It is spread across three sheets.

You brace yourself for all manner of manipulation and perfidy.

***

My dearest Ryouko —

If you should receive this letter and find yourself in grave doubt as to my sanity, I will understand completely; I am not entirely sure of it myself. I know you must get many love notes; burn it with the rest of them, and I will leave you alone. But if you can remember some of what I remember, then I beg you, help me.

Putting it in these terms makes it all seem a bad joke, the delusional ramblings of a pathetic loser, but it is either the truth only I know or a bona fide insanity, so write it I must, and swiftly, for the window in which I can send it is short, and I dare not risk another day's delay. Know, then, that the two of us once knew each other in a past life, in a sparkling bright future in Mitakihara in the twenty-fifth century. We attended school together there, yourself dreaming of the day you might travel to space, and myself ever longing for your affections. You found those stars when you became a magical girl, made a wish to find your place, and travel to the stars, but scarcely had you left when your transport vessel was attacked; you died a hero, saving everyone aboard.

I could not abide it. I think, that with time, maturity, and no shortage of cake and grief counseling, I might someday be able to make peace with the idea of Ryouko, running willingly into danger to save others — but for it to be so cruelly soon seemed a slap in the face, mocking you, shouting you down, upbraiding you: "know your place." And thus I made my own wish, a selfish wish to change your fate: not only to bring you back, but to see you reach a truer and greater glory, to *matter*. Thus the universe changed around me, and with the change, you saved those on the shuttle but lived on, and you went on to save all of us in the battle at Orpheus — where you perished once more.

And here is where the your story would end, but with the changes in the world, others had taken interest in your fate. Chief among these is Akemi-sama, who studies your exploits in detail. Indeed, she may have done more to save you than I have, for she has a most fearsome secret power: she can manipulate time itself. This is the power of her *other* wish, made in a secret other-time, a history outside of history long since annihilated. She confided in me that she spent twelve bitter years in this other-time, in the service of her goddess, and I know better than to doubt her. She told me this meaning it a comfort, I think.

Not content to see you die at Orpheus, Akemi-sama rewound time itself to bring you back — but in the new history, and not the old. When she did so, I lost my magic and my memory — but something from before remained, a lingering after-image of our friendship together, and I was once more drawn to you. Once more, you made your wish, more potent than before. Once more, you perished, and I wished for you once more to be restored, and then I remembered what had transpired.

Akemi-sama is using you, as she is using me, to some great and terrible end. I have some limited precognition, windows in time that can be steered to see inflection points in your future, and these I share with her. I think that perhaps she means you as a tool to save all of humanity, to defeat the alien menace once and for all. But her machinations are far beyond my ken. I briefly countenanced rebellion, but it is futile; she is too terrifyingly powerful. I have a barrier that nullifies her time-stop, and even that is not nearly enough against such ancient as her. She could simply end my life, then rewind time to before my contract, again and again until I should cooperate. And worse than that, I now have a good idea of how little you have in such a future — how little time we all have — and it is perilously short.

Thus, I have cooperated with her, and I am now approaching six years of time spent reliving the same time, if I have figured it right; Akemi-sama's manipulations are difficult to track, and occasionally she rewinds time much further than I can see, and she will not tell me how far. She is rational, cool, and methodical, and I have little doubt that she will find a way through this impenetrable future, if such a way exists.

But the failures have exacted a toll. In reliving these months, I have changed as a person, and cannot call myself the same person you remember. In some ways I have grown; I try to fill my time as best I can, burying myself in literature and poetry, and now and then making such friends as befits a traveller — knowing all too well that a true friendship can never last if I alone remember it. And so, above all else, my life is a lonely one, and not all the changes have left me a better person. I am afraid; indeed, I am terrified to the core of my being, for I think see in the bitter coldness of Akemi-sama what I might become myself, if I continue to live this way. I cannot pretend to comprehend those icy depths, but I can tell that there is something fundamental in her which is terribly broken, perhaps irrevocably so, and I can feel myself beginning to break as well. I grow colder, and darker, shrinking away from light of fabric of human companionship, for to open myself to a friendship is to see it swiftly lost.

In fear — in terror, physically quaking, I thus set forth on a pilgrimage to the ribbon in the church of hope, seeking the solace of the goddess. When I came the first time to the ribbon, and saw a vision of a lady in misty white, and in her words I was able to find comfort for a while. But when the comfort faded and I returned some cycles later, nothing happened, nor when I visited her again and again a dozen times, and so finally I gave up.

But the cycles grow subtly worse, somehow. In the case when you perish, and Homura cannot find an easy rewind, she starts again from the beginning — and the trials you faced remained, but you began to fall more often, to threats you had easily defeated in the past, without our help. The most egregious came after overcoming Orpheus, a minor demon attack in Paris sent you into despair, and Akemi-sama and I conferenced, wondering what influences might be at work. Only the two of us are immune to rewinding time, she said — but I fear perhaps none of us are *truly* unaffected. Is it my imagination, or does your restlessness grow a little stronger with each loop? What toll might this be taking on your own soul? Then it occurred to me that there was surely a third who must immune to time, one who is, indeed, timeless, and thus I found myself at the ribbon one more time.

This time I was not refused, but when the lady in misty white appeared, I did a thing which I cannot say was truly wise. I'm afraid I yelled at her, Ryouko, and very badly. I cursed fate, I cursed her name, and all the while she stood there, listening, quiescent. But when I cursed my own wish, my folly, and declared her promise of Hope a cruel joke and a vicious lie, the misty avatar faded, and I was alone in the absolute darkness with a small, quiet voice sitting next to me. I did not cease, and I now regret what I said to her in my bitterness, for I think that I begin to understand. I fear that her plight is like Akemi-san's and like mine, only more so. She hides behind an avatar, for if she did not, she would be crushed beneath the weight of it all. She strikes me now as a delicate and fragile thing, and brave, daring to befriend mortals such as us without the precious salve of Time that heals all sorrows. And if the goddess does care for you personally, as she insists she does to me, and if she guides you directly, then at what cost? How can she do so and still escape the decay that afflicts myself and Akemi-sama?

And if she suffers that decay, I fear I have made it worse, far wrose. I dare not repeat what I sad in that place, for I am afraid, and fear I have an incalculably valiable divine gift, all the more precious for its participation in finitude. In any case, when the vision ended, and I came to my senses, I was not returned to the church. Instead, I found myself in this strange world. I am attending a school again, and those around me have memories of me, but I do not have any of them.

I did not understand. Reflecting, I thought, for a precious and fleeting moment, that the goddess had found pity in her heart, and, emptying me of both purpose and of magic, sent me instead to live an ordinary life as a normal girl, burdened with no calling save to bask in the dappled sunshine, to climb the ancient trees, to listen to the song of birds as the the warm breeze caressed my skin, and maybe, slowly, beneath the dark night sky strewn with Ryouko's stars, to learn again what happiness was, hope springing forth from a soul in ashes.

But the girls of this school approached me, in the name of friendship, worrying about my moodiness, and from them I learned that you attended classes here too. They tell me that you and I had been roommates, and that you have *only just* departed this place, and that half the school is in mourning over this, and the other half for some sister. And so it is that as I begin my first truly *new* experiences in years, I see that there is as always that one cruel constant: that once again, I have missed the moment, my chance to tell you of my love, by the smallest of margins — and it is too much for me to bear. Perhaps this is a test, and I fail it even now by writing to you. Perhaps the stars themselves have cursed me, and you are beginning classes at your school even now, once again finding your true soul-mate in another, mere moments after I lose your company forever. Perhaps this world is my Hell, a mocking punishment for what I said to the goddess — or perhaps it is nothing so dramatic at all, merely a symbol, a cruel monument to my short, sad life as it has already been lived. But I risk now that it is none of these, that perhaps by some miracle it is *not* too late for me to call out, and so long as there remains a glimmer of that hope, I must reach for it, for the light of Ryouko's star has ever been my guide for all these years, beckoning me ever onward in my darkest moments.

Know then, Ryouko, that I love you, with every atom of my mind, and every fiber of my soul. I have built my life around you; I have done, and will continue to do, all in my power that should keep you alive, to see you happy and fulfilled — even if it is truly the will of fate that your happiness must be found with another. Yet if there might be some way that I may yet be there beside you, would you dream of allowing it? If there is magic in this world — and of this, I am not yet even sure — is there something I might wish for once again, to protect you?

Or is it your will that the two of us should go our separate ways? If your heart belongs forever to Asami-san, if she is the one you truly love, the who can make you truly happy, then tell me to go away, and I promise I will honor that. You are dearer to me than ten thousands galaxies, and my love for you is the only light I have left to guide me, but if it is a burden to you, then it is nothing but a curse, and I will shatter this feeling into a trillion pieces should it help you find a true and happy peace, even though it might mean I should cry ten trillion tears.

But until such a day that you bid me leave you be,
I am and ever shall remain sincerely yours,
*Simona del Mago*

***

The cursive S in the signature is modified slightly, with its tail extended into a large five-pointed star, and the heart over the i is more clearly formed. The crispness of the paper on the third page is marred by wrinkles, perhaps from the moisture of tears.

"Clarisse?" asks Ryouko, concerned. "Are you okay? You're trembling."

Indeed, you are. You prepared yourself for craziness, or possessiveness, but not for this, and it's hit far, far too close to home.

***

\[] Read letter aloud
\[] Give it to Ryouko
\[] Summarize the contents to blunt its impact
\[] Put it back in the envelope
-\[] and destroy it
