# she’s ever so worried that she’s not good enough for you

**\[10] Summarize the contents to blunt its impact**
-\[6] Indicate this seems to have been written by a less-yandere instance of Simona.

"It's … it's not what I expected," you say.

Ryouko is worried. "She didn't threaten anyone, did she?"

"No," you say, "she ... it's the exact opposite, if anything. It's … she …" You swallow. Why is this so hard? Breathe, Clarisse. Explain. You're good at explaining.

"I think it was sent by a different instance of Simona," you tell Ryouko. "One who's a lot less possessive, and less stalker-like, and a lot more respectful, than the one that Kyouko met. But still … still very much in love with you."

Hitomi looks at you confused.

"Simona del Mago was a transfer student, and Ryouko's friend in school. Ryouko saved her life. It was just before she became a magical girl. It was also right when she was about to confess to Ryouko. But Ryouko went off to space instead, and then one day Simona appeared in the middle of an alien attack, showing off her magical powers, and she tied that ribbon around Ryouko's hand. After that, things get fuzzy. According to Sakura Kyouko, there's a girl named Shizuki Simona who's obsessed with Ryouko, and we saw some other evidence of this, but we haven't met her. I'm not 100% sure they're the same. It could be different points on an individual's timeline, or she might be a version, not from our home timeline at all."

"Oh," says Hitomi, reflecting. "Oh, I suppose that would happen to people, wouldn't it? So there would be another … *me,* out there somewhere, long ago in your past. I wonder what she's like…"

"The girl who wrote this claims not to know anything of us getting sent here," you tell Ryouko. "If it's true, then it was the other one who was there when we went back. The scary one. I'm not sure how she could have changed places —"

You stop yourself.

"— with ribbon magic, oh," says Ryouko. "So the one who's here now is the good version?"

"Or the earlier version," you point out.

"I… really hope that's not it," says Ryouko. "That's like saying it's already too late to change things, before we even started." She frowns.

Hitomi gazes at the ribbon, curious.

"Say though, wait a moment," says Ryouko. "Why would we get the letter from America?"

"Because, she says, she just woke up there," you say, "without her magic."

"Why?" asks Ryouko. "If it's switching places, wouldn't \*nice \*Simona just be where *needy* Simona was a moment before?"

You try to visualize the hypothesized process of changing places with ribbon magic. Well, Simona definitely had the ribbon before she tied it to Ryouko, but that was already hypothetical #2. Nice Simona, though, visited the ribbon to see the goddess. So back in *this* timeline, then, Simona would have been… aha.

"Yandere-Simona was working with Oriko," you say. "Who stole matching ribbons from Madoka; don't ask me whether or not they even work, but, if they did work and they changed places… would Oriko have even needed nice-Simona around underfoot? Of course she wouldn't. So... Oriko killed her, too, and Nanami's wish brought her back, and put her somewhere along our history that looked a lot like her past life, at a school that you'd just left, where it was changing things *anyway*."

Ryouko takes it all in.

"So that's it? She's okay over here?" she asks. "And how do we get nice Simona back when we go home? We don't want Oriko's agent loose in the future!"

"I don't know," you say.

"Well," says Ryouko. "Is there anything else?"

"Oh," you say, "there's… rather a lot more, I was getting to it —"

"Let me read it," she insists, worried about her friend, and no longer fearful.

**\[10] Give letter to Ryouko for her to read**
-\[5] Remind Ryouko that she is not responsible/at fault for Simona's circumstances

Well… it is her letter. You don't stop her, but you do warn her.

"Remember," you say, "her circumstances are *still* not your fault, not at all."

She nods, and begins to skim down the first page, then does a double-take.

"S-six years?!? Oh goddess," she exclaims. "Oh, oh dear. Oh, Clarisse."

She holds on well enough until the end, which is somehow much worse than you expected. It's the galaxies that push it over the edge. Simona just had to go and write space words on star stationery and — now that you're less distracted by actually reading, is it ever so slightly perfumed? It is. You have difficulty placing the scent: it's definitely new to you, it's all new to you, but still seems familiar at the same time, somehow. At least it's definitely not vanillin… that might have been *manipulative*.

*What am I going to do,* thinks Ryouko to herself, \*what do I even ask Clarisse, what do I…

Go hug her,\* says the Clarisse who lives in Ryouko's memory.

"We need … I need to go to her," Ryouko concludes. "Clarisse, we need to help her!"

You stare back, realizing what's going on in there.

"R-Ryouko," you stutter, "what are you doing."

"Simona is — she was always my very best friend!" exclaims Ryouko.

"Ryouko," you say quietly, "the last time you did this, you told the girl that you would be her girlfriend. You promised to be there for her. And she's a nice girl, who cares about you a lot, and she's ever so worried that she's not good enough for you, but you let her build her life around you anyway, and now that *is* your responsibility. So you need to think about your girl very, very carefully, before you just go and commit yourself to someone else without any thought of telling her. Otherwise, you are going to hurt both of them."

Ryouko looks back at you aghast. "I'm not exactly planning to —" she starts to object.

"Oh, you're not *exactly* planning," you declare, "but the outline's about right, isn't it?"

"… maybe?" she admits.

"You know, if you wanted to break up with Asami, that would be one thing!" you tell her. "As a conscious decision, without hiding from the consequences. Neglecting to think about her entirely is something else."

Hitomi, who you realize has been distractedly at the ribbon for a little while, shifts her attention back to Ryouko. "What?" she asks. "You'd leave your girlfriend over a letter from a girl you barely know?"

"I don't want to *leave* her!" exclaims Ryouko. "I just… I can't leave Simona facing this alone, either! She *needs* me! And I don't just *barely* know her, either, she's … she was my very best friend!"

You'd feel so much better about this if her heart wasn't so *fluttery* and she wasn't trying to find reasons to justify to you that the most important thing in the world right now is to pack up and fly to America *right this very moment*.

***

\> help Ryouko figure out her girlfriend(s)

\[ ] Strict neutrality
\[ ] Team Asami
\[ ] Team Simona
\[ ] ¿Por qué no los dos?

\[ ] (write in advice)

\[ ] Drop all your plans and fly to KINT Smith-Reynolds Intl. Airport *now*
\[ ] Try to figure out a telephone call, somehow, to placate Ryouko
remember that time zones are a thing and you don't have her number and stuff
\[ ] Have Ryouko write back to her via the post
\[ ] Leave Simona alone to live a peaceful, ordinary life

\[ ] Solicit additional opinions from Hitomi
-\[ ] Show her the whole letter if Ryouko doesn't mind
\[ ] Give Hitomi the ribbon to play with if she's so fascinated with it
