# It’s a present. It’s for Nadeshiko.

not retallying because there weren't many changes and the tally is messed up
i blame matt smith. even if that episode didn't air until 2012.

**\[9] Ask Hitomi things first**
-\[9] What is her name and where is she from?
-\[9] What is her purpose?
-\[9] How is she related to Ryouko, if at all?
-\[9] What's the hairpin?

*I'm not sure what this is,* you tell your girl internally. \*I'm going to ask some questions.

Okay,\* says Ryouko.

"What's your name, and where are you from?"

"My name's Hitomi," she says. "Thought you knew."

"What's your purpose?" you ask her.

She looks at you funny, shrugging. "That's so vague... I'm a student?"

You frown. This isn't really getting anywhere.

"Okay then…" you say. "This hairpin here, then… what is it?"

She rolls her glowing golden eyes at you, and takes it out of the box, placing it in her hair. "Like this, see?"

"I *know* that," you say, "but what makes it special?"

"Ah!" says Hitomi, "It's a present. It's for Nadeshiko, it isn't mine."

"Is it magic?" you ask, as Hitomi finishes placing the hairpiece in place.

The glow in her Hitomi's eyes fades.

"Nooooooo?" she says. "Magic's not real…" She looks around. "Hey. Where am I? Is class over?"

"Aah!" says Ryouko. "Ribbon magic! That's not our Hitomi! She switched!"

"I did what?!" asks Hitomi.

Your eyes go wide. "Hitomi, what year is it?" you ask.

"It's nineteeeaaaaaaaaaaaah! there's a thing! in my head! telling the time…" she replies. "What is this? It's 2011, everyone is a cyborg?"

"Oh. Oh no," you say, realizing exactly who this absolutely has to be. "*Yukari* Hitomi?"

"Yes?" replies Hitomi. "… Aaah, my hair! It's so long! What is this?!" She fluffs at it.

"… Oh goddess," you say to Ryouko, "we need to send her back, I don't want Papa to murder me."

"What, so soon?" says Hitomi, putting down the box and the ribbon on a desk. "But I just got here! At least let me look around!"

"What was the last thing you remember doing before you were here?" you ask.

"… Daydreaming, of course," she says with a smile. "And helping Tomoyo-chan, with a dress."

*Clarisse, weren't you wearing that pin in the time window?* asks Ryouko. *Did you switch with another Clarisse somewhere?*

***

**> temporal containment strategy**

i remind everyone again that you specifically voted
to give the ribbon to the girl musing about other lives
*shortly* *after* mentioning, in her presence
that switching places with ribbon magic is a *thing*
and seeing her stare at it with such fascination.

\[] Give Yukari-san a tour to satisfy her
-\[] Look through the photos in the cabinet for her and her friends
-\[] Tell her all about Hitomi's family and your own backstory
-\[] Ask her all about her friends
\[] Tempt her with stories of magical girls back in her own time
-\[] … and someday you'll become one too! ／人◕ ‿‿ ◕人＼
\[] Try to send her back by force, Ryouko to use the ribbon and magic
\[] Bring her to the park this afternoon with a skateboard
\[] Get the pin back and try to switch places with another Clarisse *now*

\[] Call Papa straight away and confess everything
\[] Hope this situation resolves quietly before he notices
-\[] and say nothing.
-\[] and tell him afterwards
\[] Debrief Yukari-san on how to pretend to be Shizuki-san

Placing the hairpin back in the cabinet is deferred pending its removal from Hitomi's head.
Assume Ryouko will pocket the ribbon if you don't make any specific plans for it.
