# you look existentially horrified

This updoot is brought to you, not by Fenway Park, but by the actual fens of the Muddy River, adjacent.

\[4] Talk fashion / costume design
**-\[5] Supply positivity, and genuine feedback**
-\[1] propose changes based on what you saw in the future
-\[3] Try to get closer to Tomoyo

"Well, when you say *twenty-fifth century,*" you explain, "I jump to what I suppose is a utopian vision, where the world is a more democratic, in practice, than the world today. So in that sense, this sends all the wrong signals, as I'd expect fancy clothes and ceremonies to matter much, much \*less. \*So in a way, the premise of the question is the real question."

"Hmm," says Shizuki Tomoyo, thoughtfully.

"But of course," you add, "that's just the *good* future. Perhaps if you explained about the production in general, while I try it on?"

"Oh, I'd be happy to," she says, handing you the garment.

***

\[3] coordinate with Ryouko to question future-Clarisse if necessary

\*Ryouko, \*you tell your girl, sending a snapshot of Tomoyo showing off the dress, \*as long as I'm distracting the Best Costume Designer Ever, I need you to be prepared for the possibility that I might be vanished off into the future. If that happens, be sure to question future Clarisse about what we need to do to get you back home and save the future?

What?!?\* she asks.

*It may be inevitable,* you warn her.

She frowns. \*I'm not sure how I feel about having someone else in my head.

I am very much hoping that it is the exact same Clarisse as I am,\* you tell her, *and would be quite disappointed if it were otherwise*. *That said, I'm not entirely sure how it would work. Hitomi's systems didn't record anything different when she changed, so I'm not sure which parts of my memory and my working notes would actually be affected. Hopefully storing data on your implants for my use later will be safe, at least.*

Ryouko agrees that it would be very helpful for you to have knowledge from the future and know how to solve everything.
\*
But if it doesn't work, is there anything important that I should remember for you?\* she asks.

You consider.

*Based on what happened with Yukari Hitomi, it's possible that the way to switch back is to have the two of us be in the same emotional state, wanting to switch back,* you conclude. Finding the appropriate state of panic should be easy; you'll be back in no time...

***

**\[6] Try on the dress**
-\[3] add the ribbon and hairpin for fun™
-\[2] only put them on if asked
-\[2] avoid scenarios where Tomoyo puts the ribbon or pin on you
-\[1] leave the ribbon alone

Putting on the dress does not vanish you into the future, at least as far as you can tell. It does fit quite well, and is rather comfortable.

**\[5] Seek to learn more about the production**

Shizuki Tomoyo discusses how the original Rite of Spring was a groundbreaking work of modernity back in the early twentieth century, opining that it's therefore natural to use it for new works exploring the future as well. It's a royal court, in space, with scribes and pages in futuristic suits, going around with tablet computers.

"How does it all play out?" you ask.

"Well, I haven't seen the choreography," she says, "but in terms of the core cast, we have a princess and two attendants, the queen, the vizier, and a variety of incidental players. It's set against a war with some space aliens, and that rounds out the cast. The core idea is human sacrifice, of course — in this case, a maiden to a chaos god. There are several maidens who are considered, but in the end, the princess herself is chosen. One of her attendants tries to stop her, but the other one won't let her. Eventually the vizier leads her into the darkness and officiates at a dark ritual, summoning aliens. Now, my preferred staging of the traditional version uses shamanistic bear masks in the penultimate dance, so I'm doing a nod to that with alien faces instead. They're going to have all these hanging tentacles."

You frown. "Who's this who summons the aliens?"

"Ah, the vizier," she says. "Let me get the concept sketches."

The vizier is rendered as man dressed in what would otherwise be a clerical shirt and collar, except all white, and with a stole draped over his shoulders — a narrow piece of fabric, wider towards the bottom with a large brass ring hanging from either end, beneath a hollow egg-shaped symbol rendered in reddish pink.

"See, he's rendered as pure and white, but in the end he worships the same entropic chaos as the squid," says Shizuki Tomoyo. "He's the puppet-master."

"Does the royal court know this?" you ask, frowning.

She considers the question for a moment.

"No," she decides, "I don't believe they do."

You find yourself gravely concerned.

"And the queen?" you ask.

"Ah, she spends the prologue fighting off a force of abstract darkness — they have a special lighting technique for this which just makes her \*glow \*without a spotlight. It's quite clever. Oh, and after that, we're going to put little glowing lights in her skirt itself, like there's a universe of stars inside. She's really something, but, narratively, she's also a spent force; she knows this isn't her fight, and she's powerless to change the princess's fate, even though it makes her very sad."

You attempt to process this in some way which is *not* a thinly veiled allegory. It doesn't seem to work.

"Clarisse," says Tomoyo, "you look existentially horrified."

\[5] Supply ***positivity***, and genuine feedback

"Oh, um, I'm sorry," you say. "It really is a very nice costume—"

"No no! You don't need to apologize at all!" she says, taking your hands in hers, clasping them together, and beaming, "This is perfect! I was worried that it wouldn't resonate outside our little circle of ballet friends, but you've reassured me that it will!"

She lets you go and twirls herself around in joy.

"But… someone really should stop her from being sacrificed," you opine.

"Ah," says Tomoyo, still spun around with her back to you, raising one finger in the air, "but if that happens, then it's the end for her anyway, *and* the whole universe besides."

"So, uhh, who exactly is behind this production?" you ask.

"Oh, it's jointly commissioned with the Royal Madrid Ballet," she tells you. "The choreographer is Ramon del Mago. He also did a revival of Perrot's *Faust*, which is a lot more traditional."

She explains in detail — as she asks you to try various poses and spin about — about a tiff between Ramon del Mago and some British choreographer who *also* has a vision for a futuristic *Rite of Spring*, but rather different. The details of the feud are rather discursive, however, involving specific histories of various ballet companies and theatres from the 18th century. It's not particularly enlightening.

Ryouko, meanwhile, has written her letter — after some initial reluctance to get started, it seems that the words just poured themselves onto the paper.

> Article:
>
> Dear Simona,
>
> I have received your letter, and fear that I do not know how to properly respond. The fault is entirely mine, for I find that I do not understand my own feelings on the matter, or understand who you are to me. When I read your letter, I knew in the depths of my soul that I must act, and swiftly; it was as if my most precious friend was being taken away to be tortured, that I surely must fly to her, and are not wait a fraction of a second longer — and yet, I soon realized it was counterfactual, that I didn't understand where the feelings come from and why, and they faded away, beyond my grasp.
>
> Clarisse has proposed that they might be from a different timeline, an artefact of certain magics, perhaps the same magics which brought us here to begin with. I also understand that there is also another Simona in this world, or at least, there recently was; I am told that while she looks like you, she calls herself *Shizuki* Simona, and perhaps the two of us really did know each other in a past life.
>
> But I worry about Asami, and I am not sure it would be right for me to come back from a visit to to the past madly in love with someone else. It would break the promise I made to take care of her.
>
> That said, it remains imperative that we get in touch swiftly: without an active MSY, we must take the task of forging unity into our own hands, and there are those already moving to tear everyone apart. If fortune is on our side, we may find ourselves in contact with each other before this letter arrives, but as a safeguard, I shall send it anyway, and enclose contact information; there are matters we can discuss on a call which I would hesitate to commit to paper.
>
> It breaks my heart a little that I cannot extend you any promises about how we will work this out, but know truly that whatever happens, and whatever we decide, I hope ever to remain
>
> your friend,
> sincerely,
>
> Ryouko

*Several* things strike you about the letter, such as the implicit stakes of coming back *madly in love*. Also…

*Ryouko?* you ask.

\*Yes?

That's not your usual handwriting,\* you observe. The script is rendered impeccably, and it is fantastically florid; the S in Simona's name alone manages eight loops.

*Oh,* she says, looking down at the pen in her hand; she's tied the ribbon around her wrist, much as Simona had to begin with.\* It's a little more articulate than I'd planned, too\*. *Should I change it?* She's pretty uncertain about anything in particular that she'd prefer to have it say.

***

**> work out what it really means for Ryouko to be true to herself
\> for she may need our help**

\[] warn Ryouko of distressing allegorical implications of the ballet

\[] Propose changes to the letter
\[] Add a separate postscript of your own
-\[] ask Simona about Ramon del Mago
\[] The letter is fine as is

\[x] Mail it out
\- \[x] as soon as feasible
\- \[x] via an express service
\- \[x] with real contact information

\[] letter-writing notwithstanding, Ryouko's wrist is a safe place for a ribbon
\[] (write in another ribbon-management idea)

\[x] continue picnic plans with assistance from Shizuki Tomoyo
-\[] (write in questions, costume shenanigans, etc)
