# You used tongue, girl.

**\[10] Excuse yourself as coherently as possible, and ~~drag~~ bring Kyouko with you to talk**
\[>] (detailed plan)
\[3] Tease her mercilessly
\[1] No teasing, this isn't the time.

You consider using words on Kyouko, but there seems to be some sort of an impediment. This would be much easier if you could just send it as a datagram. Instead, you take Kyouko's hand and pull her in the direction you want to go.

"Huh?" she blurts, then looks at the color of your face. "Oh, uhm. Can you excuse us a moment?"

"Oh. Oh, of course…" says Mami.

A nearby cluster of bushes is a semi-private place.

"Okay, Kyouko," you say to her. "All the flirting is … fun, I guess, but we're clearly getting more serious with it now, and before it can really be fun again, there's some things that you need to know about me, so that we don't end up hurting each other."

"F-flirting?!" asks Kyouko, eyes going wide. "Is that what we've been—"

She stops, as your eyes go wide.

"Why, yes, Kyouko," you say in a very carefully measured tone. "We explicitly identified this as *flirtatious* at dinner last night. So please, if you will, tell me that you are not just having fun toying with my feelings."

"Okay, okay, I'm sorry," she says. "You're right, it's somewhat… deliberately… f-flirty." It is an effort for her to say the word. "I'm not— I'm *definitely* not just messing with you. Well, I mean, I'm messing with you, but, hell, you know what I mean, right? It's just… it's *really weird* to admit, out loud, that's what's going on," she says, looking around nervously.

"Why?" you ask.

"Because —" She takes a deep breath, then blurts out in a hurry. "Because we're both girls, and the Bible isn't too keen on that."

The early twenty-first century hits you like a load of bricks.

Or … no, not even that. The fifth century B.C.E, perhaps?

Your words aren't working again, and you aren't even sure how you'd begin a datagram, either.

"Clarisse?" asks Kyouko.

"Well, Kyouko" you manage to say, a little dazed, "if it really bothers you that much, then maybe this just wasn't meant to be…"

"No!" she exclaims. "It's — it's just complicated, okay?"

"Complicated," you reply.

"Yeah," she says, a little defensively. "Complicated."

"Oh," you say, a little vacantly. "Do tell."

She looks at you for a moment, angry, almost like she's considering violence, and you are briefly frightened, but then she stops, composing herself, and stares down at the ground.

"Okay," she says, "you said you'd heard the story of what happened to my family, right? Think about that. Think about what it's like to grow up in a church, and then have *that* happen to the people you love. I mean … I want to remember my father as a good man, okay? Not a monster. But … Jesus mother fucking Christ, how am I supposedta know what's right and what's wrong anymore? After something like that? I just … I mean, I know exactly what I'm doing, but when you say it out loud, it's just super awkward. I feel like I have to hide it. Not even from Mom and Dad, or even from God, just — Hide it from Momo. My little sister. Because you know what she'd do if she ever found out? She'd *pray for me*. She'd… she'd just go and spend hours and hours, in her room, when she should have been outside, running around and having fun. Because that's just the k-kind of g-good girl she is." She takes a deep breath, and looks up at you. "So y-yeah, it's c-complicated."

"… Oh," you say.

"And then," adds Kyouko. "And then. She'd pray for you, too. Because I liked you."

"Oh," you say.

"So I'm sorry," says Kyouko, and she really looks like she's about to cry.

Oh, goddess.

What have you even gotten into.

"Well," you say, hesitantly, "maybe I can do complicated … if you can do complicated, too."

Kyouko looks at you, and her eyes are sad, somehow, like you've offered her an unexpected hope, but she doesn't quite trust that it's real.

"I'm an experimental artificial intelligence from the twenty-fifth century, designed for the military using nanotechnology, intended to support and to care for one person, one magical girl, as she discharges her duties there. In a number of ways, I'm a mistake, as are the other AIs of this type. I wasn't even supposed to be *self aware*, which is an ethical nightmare, and I wasn't supposed to ever fall for anyone *else*. I definitely wasn't supposed to be a cute girl, this is a side effect of somebody's wish, I'm supposed to be a baseball-sized lump of cells on Ryouko's spine. And no matter what happens, I have to put Ryouko first, and care about her the most, because that's who I *am*, that's why I exist, it's how I was made."

"I know," says Kyouko.

What.

"How in the heavens do you know?"

"Okay, okay," she says, "I knew about half of that, maybe, but… your friend called. Machina. She wanted to talk about Mami, and she ended up explaining a lot of things about herself, and, well, I kinda guessed there was some sort of a connection."

"Oh," you say.

"So yeah," she says, "that sounds … complicated."

"People are time traveling," you say. "I'm getting cryptic messages from the future which might be from myself, and I'm not sure that I like what I see, because Ryouko might be in danger and I have to, I absolutely have to take care of her, so I don't even know what's going on, or how long I can stay, but…" You pause for breath. "Well, when I think about the idea of there being someone else to care about, who cares about me… well, it's kind of a nice feeling, if the person is you. So I really don't know, but I hope, I really do hope, that there's a way that it can work out, and I hope that there's *enough* of me to do something like that."

"… aww, geez," says Kyouko. "That's… really sweet."

"And, um," you squirm a bit, "I made you a lunch."

You hold up the box to her.

Kyouko looks at you with concern in her eyes.

"It might not be very good," you admit.

"Clarisse," says Kyouko, "listen. I want you to know — it's okay if you have someone who's always going to be the most important, like Ryouko. It's okay to still like other people, even then. People do that all the time."

"They do?" you ask.

"The way I figure," she says, "it's a lot like you're a single mother, except for the motherhood."

"Like a — okay," you admit, "that's… dangerously apt."

"Well obviously not *exactly the same,*" she says, "but… anyway, that's not the point. Umm…" She takes a deep breath. "Jesus. You really made me a *lunch?"*

"Yes?"

"I have an idea," says Kyouko. "Screw dating, let's just get married."

"What?!"

Kyouko gives you a big stupid grin.

***

"Sorry for that," says Kyouko, as the two of you make your way back over to Mami. "I was kind of asking for it. Can we try again? This is Clarisse. We've decided to be complicated together. She has cute teeth."

"… I have cute *what?*" you ask.

"Teeth," she repeats. "I'll explain later."

Yes, you do in fact have your own teeth, and no, you hadn't ever thought of this before. Are they particularly cute?

Technically, you've just been complimented on your skeleton.

"It's ever so nice to make your acquaintance," says Mami.

"Oh, and there's Ryouko," says Kyouko. "Yo, green bean!"

Ryouko approaches Mami warily, worried about making another bad impression.

"Umm," she says, "hello again. I'm, um, sorry about last night."

Mami nods. "We sort of got off on the wrong foot. Maybe we can try again?"

Ryouko nods. "I'd like that, yes."

Mami takes a deep breath.

Machina nudges you electronically.

\*Hey, Clarisse.

Yes?\* you reply.

\*Hey, umm, Mami's about to do a thing, and well, I need a big favor from you and Ryouko.

Oh?\* you ask. \*What's this now?

Just keep an open mind,\* she says, \*and play along. And, um, try not to judge her.

Okay?\* you reply, and relay the request to Ryouko.

*Or me,* adds Machina.

Mami takes a deep breath, and addresses Ryouko. "Mami is very pleased to meet you," she says. "Mami heard the two of you were going to be starting at school very soon, and she wondered if we might be friends, because she doesn't have any."

Ryouko blinks, a little confused. "Tomoe-san?"

"No, no, no," she says, "that really won't do at all. Can't I please be Mami-chan?"

You glance over to Kyouko, who seems surprisingly un-confused. She shoots you and Ryouko a *look*, raising her eyebrows expectantly, and nodding her head.

"Uh, if that's really what you'd prefer, Mami-chan," Ryouko says, doing her best to play along.

Mami looks down and kicks at the ground, shyly. "It's okay if you don't want to," she says. "You don't have to pretend or anything."

"No, no, it's okay," you say, "You just caught us a little off guard."

"Okay," Kyouko chimes in. "So dig this, girls. Mami-chan is a really cool veteran magical girl. A lean, mean, fighting machine. But if you can take her out of combat mode for half a second, it turns out she's a total sweetie. It's really kinda cute."

Mami shakes her head. "No, I'm … Mami-chan's not really *that* cute."

"Are you kidding?" asks Kyouko. "Heck, look at this hair-do. Tell me that's not kawaii as hell."

"It is a little bit out there," Ryouko acknowledges, tentatively.

Mami's eyes go wide. "Mami-chan was actually hoping the curls were *elegant*."

"Girl, your hairdo belongs on a doll," says Kyouko.

Ryouko attempts to stifle a giggle.

***

**\[8] Ask Machina about the source of Mami's jealousy. Is she interested in *us*, or is she just lonely?**

Mami is not acting naturally. Even if this sort of behavior were normal for her, she's working way too hard at it.

*Machina*, you enquire. \*Does this have anything to do with why Mami has a crush on me, or has she switched places with some alternate universe version of herself? Because you should know, that's 100% no joke legitimately this whole thing that can happen to people now.

No, and no, respectively,\* asserts Machina. *Mami-chan has been a very good girl, and quite brave.*

What.

*These words you have chosen confuse and frighten me,* you say. \*I am not sure what paradigm permits me to make any sense of a shy, gentle Mami-san using baby-speak to refer to herself like a first grader.

How about if it were a shy, gentle Machina?\* she proposes.

*… okay fine*, you admit, *that might make one kind of sense,* trying to assemble an alternative mental model of a young Mami, \*but she's not acting in the least bit like this is natural for her. It seems a little humiliating, honestly.

It's not,\* says Machina. \*She is deliberately cultivating a new self-image.

Good goddess, \*you exclaim. \*Why?

Let me lay it out for you,\* says Machina. *Mami has recently lost her family. She is an orphan. There is no one around any more to tell her that she's a good girl, and give her the praise and approval that she needs. What she has to deal with instead is early-onset puberty, so she gets to be the pretty girl, and super cool, only she doesn't feel like that kind of a person. As a consequence, when she gets attention for it, which is constantly, she just feels like a complete fake. At the same time, she thinks it's the only way to get people to like her, so she's terrified of people finding out that she's not cool. And even in the future, long after she's gotten over it, she still has a very, very hard time being vulnerable, and just bottles everything up inside.*

Machina has switched to level-5 security clearance, with a special grant for your eyes only, to make the sensitivity of this information formal.

*But but*, you reply. \*Humanity's field marshal.

High-functioning emotional minefield,\* says Machina. *The alternative is MHD-resistant emotional trauma, and for that alone, a little bit of childishness would be worth it. But it gets so much worse. Because what's the one part of her identity that she's poured her heart and soul into, the part that makes her feel like a valid person despite all that? The thing that keeps her going? What's her purpose, being a magical girl?*

It clicks.\* She fights witches,\* you reply.

*Yes,* asserts Machina,\* and some day, Mami is going to learn the truth about witches, and if she is going to have a chance of surviving the blunt force of the psychological shock of what she has done, then she cannot be the person she is today. Her only hope to get through this is radical intervention, and as it stands, she's been through just enough humiliation that it's just, barely possible. So please. Help me destroy her self-image as Mami-senpai, and help her make new friends.\*

You boggle.

*Notwithstanding the seriousness of this matter,* you declare,\* this seems an objectionably extreme approach! I find myself profoundly uncomfortable.

Yeah, well, you can take it up with the ethics committee or something,\* she declares.

*Really?* you ask her.

*Please, understand,* says Machina.\* It's a lot less extreme than you think. Right now, Mami-senpai is more like a mask that she puts on to face the world than the girl as she really sees herself. This isn't some deranged plan to rewrite her personality. It's restoring life to its vulnerable core. Trust me. You haven't lived with Mami, and you aren't in her head right now, and you didn't spend an hour on the phone with Kyouko this morning talking about how to help her.

Oh,\* you say\*. She did say that you'd called…

Although Kyouko is still playing her up as "super cool", and I'm not sure about that, so if you can give her a nudge, so that I don't have to call her in the middle of a social gathering…\*

\[8] Ask Machina about the source of Mami's jealousy. Is she interested in *us*, or is she just lonely?

*Okay, okay,* you say, with a virtual sigh. \*So why *exactly* does she have a crush on me, anyway? Explain it to me.

Oh, dear,\* she sends, *where ever to begin? You're a pretty, elegant, energetic ojou-sama, who has everything together… and at the same time, you're also a small, innocent little doll, flustered at things just outside of your control, practically crying out for adorable snuggles. By itself, that'd be dangerously fascinating, but if you're in Mami's situation, well, it also looks a lot like everything she wants to be right now.*

You ponder this a moment.

*Is there anything particular quality about my teeth that would recommend them as cute?* you ask.

*I haven't the faintest idea what Kyouko is talking about,* says Machina. \*Maybe it's something about food?

Okay,\* you say\*. Should I worry about Ryouko?

No\*, says Machina\*. She's not really Mami's type.

Well, there's a silver lining\*, you reply.

You process things for just a little longer.

There's something about the way Machina phrased it…

*Machina?* you ask once more. *Do *you* have a crush on me?*

She replies with some level-5 ciphertext that you are not cleared for.

*I can't read that,* you note.

*I know you can't,* she observes. *Nevertheless it is the correct classification for this information.*

Well. At least she'll be scrupulously professional about it.

**~~\[8] Tell Mami, Nanami, Homura about witches~~**
-\[3] warn Machina in advance
-\[9] warn Kyouko in advance
She seems to have been consulted already.
\[1] DO NOT explain witches to Mami, consult with Kyouko
\[1] DO NOT knowledge-bomb anyone without consultation

You change the topic, \*I take it from this that you two would strongly prefer for me to postpone my plan to tell everyone about witches come from.

Tell Mami, \*states Machina, flatly, \*and I will end your life myself.

Okay, okay,\* you say. *I'm just coordinating! Please, no killing.*

Machina sends a generic acknowledgement.

Goodness. You've never experienced Machina so intense before. She was always so shy. It's almost like the two have swapped personalities, except — well, if there *was* something that would make Machina act like that, it would be something happening to Mami. It's just not something you ever contemplated from her before.

***

*So we're not telling her about witches,* you tell Ryouko, in conclusion.

Ryouko ponders this.

*I feel like we keep meeting people, and they're still the same people they always were, just all inside out,* she thinks. *First Homura, now Mami. It's like knowing all their secrets.*

She's not quite sure how she feels about this.

Neither are you, really.

***

"Hi, everybody!" calls Madoka.

You've been off to the side, watching Mami uncomfortably. She seems a little more at home in the role of Mami-chan, but it still makes you feel weird and bad.

*Okay,* Hitomi sends to you, *I'm going to do it.*

Ah, right. She wanted to talk to Madoka.

*Good luck,* you reply.

"Oh, good morning, Madoka—" begins Hitomi.

"Oh hey, Clarisse!" interrupts Madoka.

"Yes?" you reply.

"Remember that dream I told you about?" she asks, excitedly.

"Dream — yes?" you reply, tentatively.

"Well, I was coming over here," she says, "and I went by the candy store on the way, and you'll never believe what I found."

Madoka reaches into a shopping bag, and pulls out a pouch of strawberry-and-creme marshmallow cubes.

"So it's not *exactly* like my dream," she says, "but still! Pretty weird, huh?"

"Oh," you say. "Yeah, that's… kinda strange."

"Maybe you saw them before in the store?" offers Ryouko.

\*"\*Maybe," says Madoka, unconvinced. She turns to Hitomi, and beams. "So what do you think, Hitomi?"

Hitomi blinks, wordlessly.

"Hitomi?" asks Madoka.

"Right," you say, trying to cover for Hitomi just a little, "Kaname Madoka, this is Sakura Kyouko, and Tomoe Mami, though she'd prefer you to call her Mami-chan."

"Ah!" says Madoka. "Pleased to meet you both! Your hair is really pretty, Mami-chan!"

Mami blushes. "T-thank you very much," she says.

Madoka turns back to look at her friend.

"Hitomi?" she asks. "Is something wrong?"

Hitomi shakes her head. "I'm sorry, I'm just … I think I'm feeling a little off."

"Oh no!" exclaims Madoka. "Are you okay?"

"I'll just … I think I should … there's a bathroom not far from here, I'll be fine."

"I can go over there with you," she offers. "Just in case."

"Please, no" she says emphatically. "I'll be fine, I promise."

"... okay," says Madoka.

Hitomi heads off, and Madoka ponders for a moment.

"Hitomi's not allergic to marshmallows, is she?" she asks.

"No," you say, "but, uh, maybe put them away before she gets back, just the same?"

"Okay," she says, "but I don't get it." She frowns a little.

"Well okay, then," says Kyouko, addressing Madoka. "How's it hanging, marshmallow?"

"… Huh?" asks Madoka.

"I'm trying the nickname thing," explains Kyouko. "Ryouko's the green bean, you're a marshmallow… Still working on the rest of you lot."

"Oh!" says Madoka. "That's fun!"

You shake your head. "This is a bad idea."

"Oh, but I like it!" says Madoka. "Here, does anyone want some?" She offers a marshmallow to Kyouko.

"… Thanks. Don't mind if I do," says Kyouko.

"Oh, hey, it's Sayaka!" says Madoka, spotting her friends. "Hey Sayaka! Marshmallow?"

***

\[6] Mingle? That's what you do at get togethers?

Besides the marshmallows, Madoka has also brought a pink gingham picnic blanket, and you spread it out on the grass. Introductions are made, and you quietly share Machina's feedback as you and Kyouko get settled on the blanket.

"Got it," she says, and opens the bento box, regarding your handiwork.

It's not exactly a promising reaction.

"I'm sorry," you say, "I know it's not very good looking…"

"Let me guess," she says. "This is your first time packing a bento."

"It's … yes?" you say. "Kyouko, this is my first time *making rice.*"

"Oof," says Kyouko. "Well, it's the thought that counts, I guess."

"Or the taste," suggests Sayaka.

"I'll be the judge of that," says Kyouko, just a little defensively.

Mami looks up from her contemplation of the lunch box. "Mami's never had a friend make her a lunch box before," she says.

"Well," says Ryouko, "Clarisse heard that you'd been busy all morning…"

"Oh," says Mami. "That's so thoughtful." She turns to smile at you.

You feel a little uncomfortable at her attention, and you're pretty sure she's crushing on you right now, big time.

You stand up.

"I'm going to go check on Hitomi," you declare.

***

"It's okay," you reassure Hitomi, "they've eaten all the marshmallows."

"I see," she says. "That's probably for the best. Is everyone here?"

"Nanami and Homura are like five minutes away," you say. "They thought they might have found a witch on the way over, but they lost the trail. Homura's bringing the kitty."

The two of you return just as Yuuka is giving Mami a big hug.

"Oh. Oh my," says Mami. "Well, thank you, but, Mami isn't sure she's done anything to deserve it."

"You said you wanted to be friends," declares Yuuka. "We're friends now."

"Aww. Friends forever," says Wakaba.

"Hey, Hitomi," says Madoka. "Feeling better?"

She nods.

"Forever?" Mami asks Wakaba. "Wow, that's … an awful long time…"

"Well, I'm not letting any of you go," declares Yuuka. "Never ever ever."

"Oh," says Ryouko. "Not even if we go off to space to explore?"

Yuuka frowns. "Okay, fine," she allows. "But you have to come back."

"I see," she says.

Wakaba looks serious. "Actually, I wonder," she says. "What exactly happens to us when we graduate? I mean, high school together would be one thing, but what about college?"

"Aw, geez," says Sayaka. "That's too deep. I haven't even thought ahead to this summer."

"Well, maybe we should start thinking," says Wakaba. "So we can figure something out, instead of just letting it happen to us."

"I know," says Yuuka. "Let's all get married. Then we have to stay together."

Mami gives Yuuka a confused look. "Mami is confused. How would that work?"

Wakaba raises an eyebrow.

"Sayaka's already going to marry Madoka," she says. "She said so just the other day."

"Ha!" says Wakaba, amused.

"Yeah, well, she was talking about how much she wanted love letters," says Sayaka.

Madoka smiles, and tries not to blush.

"I'm not quite sure it works that way," suggests Mami.

Yuuka releases Mami from her embrace, and frowns.

"Okay, I'll show you," she says, and scoots over to Madoka. "Madoka, let's get married."

Madoka laughs. "Okay," she says.

"I now pronounce you girl and wife," declares Wakaba. "You may kiss the bride."

It really was just a few short seconds, but somehow it seemed longer.

"Yuuka!!!" shouts Sayaka. "What the hell?!?"

"Wow," says Wakaba, sounding almost fascinated.

Yuuka pulls away from the kiss. "Huh?" she asks. "What's … did I do something weird?!"

"… You used *tongue*, girl," observes Kyouko.

Madoka's face is bright red.

"Madoka?" asks Sayaka. "Are you okay?"

Madoka looks around at everybody, eyes wide, and they look back at her, and for a moment, it seems like she's about to say something, but then — changing her mind, perhaps — she suddenly stands up, upsetting her lunch box, and runs away from the group at about thirty-five kilometers an hour.

Hitomi covers her mouth, and stares at Yuuka with big, wide eyes.

Nanami sends you a ping.

\*Hey Clarisse, \*Nanami messages. \*You mind telling us what we're looking at here? \*She encloses a still of her view, from the other side of the park.

You look over — Homura is next to her, carrying Amy in a basket, and appears to be quite perturbed at the scene.

Ryouko is kind of confused. *What did I just see?* she asks you.

Yuuka just looks around at everyone, confused and lost.

***

**>** ... yuuka?

\[ ] run after Madoka for a talk
\[ ] intercept Homura for a talk
\[ ] take Yuuka aside for a talk
-\[] warn Yuuka that her father might be at risk of losing his job (?!?)
