# wandering into traffic and falling off bridges

**\[6] Have Homura and Nanami make sure Madoka doesn't run too far**

*I'm not exactly sure what's going on,* you tell Nanami. *You should have Homura time-stop and go catch up with her*. \*Make sure that she doesn't end up as witch bait.

Roger,\* says Nanami, turning to Homura. In a few moments, they've disappeared to head out after her.

-\[5] Minimize subsequent meddling

"I … I don't understand," says Yuuka. "I … I asked permission! It's just a kiss…"

"Wow, Yuuka," says Sayaka. "We always knew you were a weird one, but this really takes the cake."

"Sayaka!" says Wakaba. "You're not helping."

"Mami-chan is a little confused," says Mami.

"Should we try to call her?" asks Sayaka.

"Better not," says Wakaba. "Give her space."

"Nanami and Homura are heading after her," you say. "That's enough of a crowd already."

"I still don't get it!" says Yuuka. "What's… what did I…"

"You just went and kissed her out of nowhere!" says Sayaka.

"It … That wasn't out of nowhere!!!" insists Yuuka.

\[5] ask Hitomi to keep the group from excessive drama

Hitomi is just sitting there with her eyes wide, staring at Yuuka.

*Hitomi,* you note, *this is the part which could really benefit from you saying something to calm everyone down.*

Hitomi looks lost for a moment, then nods to you, and takes a deep breath.

"Sayaka!" says Hitomi. "You're n-not h-helping."

"What?!" asks Sayaka. "I'm just trying —"

"Look, we're upsetting Hitomi," says Wakaba. "Everyone just *calm down.*"

"Oh goddess," says Sayaka. "I'm sorry."

Yuuka stares down at the ground.

"Thank you, everyone" says Hitomi, her composure regained. "We're making a bad impression for Mami-chan."

**\[9] assign Wakaba to figure out Yuuka**

\*Wakaba, *you send.* I am very, very worried about Yuuka.

Well, I know she's weird, *says Wakaba*, but she's usually just harmless. She just has a hard time understanding certain behavioral norms. That's why Nanami and I try to look out for her. This is a little bit worse than normal, but still, just a misunderstanding, I think … right? If anything, it's my fault, for telling her to kiss,\* she says, with regret.

\*Given her general naivety in these matters, \*you tell Wakaba, \*it could be a sign of a big problem. Now, it's possible there's a magic related explanation, but if it's not that, these could be symptoms of a history of sexual abuse.

Oh. Oh, damn\*, says Wakaba, making a shocked face externally. \*What would the magic explanations be?

Well, first,\* you begin,\* Nanami has reported a witch in the area. But even if it's that, having that sort of a history is still a risk factor, and might explain why she's affected more strongly than other people.\*

Wakaba thinks that over.

*Second,* you continue, \*spent several days with a magical ribbon. We're not entirely sure how it works, but it seems to have side effects. That's why Ryouko's not wearing it anymore.

Oof,\* says Wakaba, \*what kind of side effects?

Forgetting about her girlfriend, thinking she's in love with someone else, things like that,\* you summarize. *Also, it affected her penmanship and composition skills.*

… *why on Earth do you even have a ribbon that does things like that?* asks Wakaba.

*Long story,* you say.\* It was entrusted to us by someone not entirely trustworthy. I'd prefer to get rid of it, but in the wrong hands, it could be very dangerous; also, I think it's indestructible. And we might even need it to get back home,\* you say.

\*This is simultaneously fascinating and terrifying, \*observes Wakaba. \*Is magic always like this?

Only where Ryouko's involved,\* you assert. \*This is the only magical artifact I've ever heard of, anyway, so it's not really normal. Anyway, as fan club liaison, can I ask you get to the bottom of the situation? You know Yuuka better than Ryouko or I do.

You bet your future-tech I'll get to the bottom of this\*, she says.

*Thanks, *you say*.*

"Hey Yuuka," says Wakaba. "I tell you what. Let's you and me go some place else for a minute and talk about it."

"oh," says Yuuka in a small voice, looking very penitent. "okay."

*Don't go too far,* you tell her. \*Witch in the area.

"\*We'll be just around the corner," says Wakaba to the group.

Ryouko watches them as they wander off the edge of the group.

"Okay then," says Sayaka. "So, um, in the meantime… we can talk about… something."

"Mami-chan, I think I heard you like tea, right?" says Ryouko, searching for some sort of common ground. "Hitomi's an expert at tea."

"Oh!" says Mami. "It's true, Mami-chan really does like tea..."

***

Hitomi and Mami don't actually have a lot to say to each other regarding tea. Mami likes black tea from India, while Hitomi has trained with the green tea of Japan, and they really might as well be different plants entirely.

Into the awkward silence following this realization, Madoka reappears with Nanami and Homura. Madoka is absolutely dripping wet, soaked from head to toe, wrapped in towels, and looks absolutely pathetic. Nanami and Homura are substantially *less* wet, carrying a single towel each, and Homura appears to be trying hard to hold back a smirk but failing.

"Hello again. Sorry for the mess," says Nanami.

Hitomi looks at Madoka wide-eyed. "Madoka? Are you okay?"

Madoka makes an "mmf" noise, reluctant to commit either way.

Sayaka boggles. "What. Happened." she demands.

"Karma," says Homura, with a giggle.

"What." declares Wakaba.

"Sayaka," mumbles Madoka.

"Huh? … Oh, yeah," she says, and sits down next to Madoka.

Madoka leans her head on Sayaka's shoulder.

Nanami explains.

"First of all," she says, "there's *definitely* a witch somewhere nearby. We crossed its trail again when following Madoka. But it must be jumping around or something, because it's really on again, off again. That said, as best I could tell, Madoka was heading right for it, even where there wasn't a trail. Anyway. We decided it was safer to stop Madoka and bring her back here than to try and find it. It just … wasn't quite as straightforward as we hoped."

Madoka, it seems, should really never have activated emergency mode over a case of shock and embarrassment. Indeed, the option would ordinarily be unavailable to her in this situation. However, Nanami's custom firmware made an override available to her. Once activated, the problem became turning it off, as Madoka accidentally dismissed the relevant interface, and she just couldn't stop running.

"I didn't want her to get hurt while we were figuring out the override," says Nanami, "so I told her to run into the pool, to slow herself down, then just kick against the wall."

"Oh, goddess," says Sayaka. "That's pretty terrible, but … I can sort of see why Homura's laughing," she says, stifling a giggle.

"No!" says Homura. "That's not — See, in the last timeline, when I was just starting at school, she did the exact same thing to me, but with magic! She had to go get Mami-senpai to make it stop."

Madoka gives Homura a frown.

"Oh!" says Homura all of a sudden. "Mami-senpai!!"

Machina sends an urgent inquiry.

*Clarisse, dear,* she says, \*I have made contingency plans for meeting early Homura, but what did that girl just say about another timeline?
\*
**\[9] Discuss with Machina the logistics and risks of Mami's ignorance**
-\[4] assorted suboptions around her plans and contingencies, timetables, ethical obligations, risks, including risk of exorcism.
-\[5] discuss Machina's vision of her leadership role

Machina is stubborn, but this is an opening. You are going to give Machina an *explanation*.

*Well now, Machina,* you reply, *allow me to introduce you to the first reason your plan is actually a terrible plan that is going to blow up in your face. It seems that Akemi Homura made a wish to save someone from a terrible fate,* you note, \*and rewound time. If you were looking for the white wings and the bow and the aura, well, it appears that wasn't her wish.

So she knows Mami-chan already?

She most certainly does not,\* you insist\*. She knows Mami-senpai, as her senpai, and I do believe she looks up to her.\*

Machina responds by sending you a few kilobytes of random data.

*I have more complications, if you would like to hear,* you add.

*YES AND IF IT'S NOT TROUBLE IF YOU COULD PLEASE KNOWLEDGE OF EACH WOULD BE VERY WELCOME RIGHT NOW THANK YOU EVER SO KINDLY,* indicates Machina.

\*Well, let's see. Start with Kyuubey's recruiting. It's all wrong. No limited time offers or anything, more like he's playing a waiting game. This is only a little disconcerting, but it also means that we have lots of un-contracted potentials sitting around. As a matter of fact, basically everyone except for Shizuki Hitomi, Kaname Madoka, and yourself. I consider it an ethical duty to dissuade them from becoming magical girls, until at least such a time as we have a firm handle on our grief budget, and possibly until we've restored the Law of Cycles entirely. Naturally, discussing these topics leads to potentially distressing lines of inquiries, like what happens to a magical girl when she runs low on magic.

Mmf,\* says Machina. \*Squirm and look uncomfortable and tell them it's really bad.

That is not a particularly good way to honor their trust and protect them!\* you object.

*Neither is driving Mami into despair!* says Machina.

\*Also, the group is aware that a magical girl's soul gem is her soul, so there's another little secret just waiting to leak.

Hmmph. That would be a little ugly,\* says Machina,\* but hardly fatal.\*

Mami has been greeting Nanami and Homura, and discussing her confusion and surprise.

"Mami-chan is sorry," she says, "but she doesn't recall this happening. Have we met?"

"We have met," says Homura. "But there was time travel. So even if you don't remember me, I remember you!"

"Oh," says Mami.

"You were more of Madoka's senpai than mine, though," says Homura.

"Oh, is that so?" asks Mami. "But Madoka's not a magical girl, I don't think."

"She was," says Homura.

*Ye of little faith,* says Machina, addressing you. \*We're totally going to pull this off.

Oh?\* you reply. \*Do tell.

Early Homura is ridiculously innocent and adorable. Mami can still be her senpai, it won't interfere with the rest of the plan.\*

She … might have a point there.

"Well," says Mami. "Mami-chan can try and teach you a few things, if you'd like."

Homura gives Mami a big big hug. "Thank you, Mami-senpai."

"Aww," says Mami.

You sigh internally, and continue speaking with Machina.

*So, more complications? Oriko killed Ryouko for her grief cubes and has been incubating them in labyrinths. She's using that super-charged grief cube trick that people aren't generally supposed to know about. This is also likely to lead to awkward lines of inquiry when Kyuubey brings up the topic, as he has been doing. This is, of course, assuming that neither he nor Oriko decides they want Mami gone and just tells her outright.*

Machina is not happy.\* For the sake of the goddess!! JUST GIVE ME, LIKE, A WEEK, DAMN IT!!!

Yes, well, I thought it would have been a pleasant experience being able to rely on Mami, myself\*, you note.

*What were you going to do?* she says. \*Just tell her that her entire life is a lie, and that the righteous crusade against witches at the center of her self-worth is actually a hideous, toxic joke, where the punch line is her killing other magical girls?

Actually, *you say,* I was going to mention that they don't exist in our future, and ask her to help put an end to them for good.

Oh well then!\* she says. \*I see that Clarisse is setting bold and ambitious new targets on her ever-continuing quest to upend the world as we know it! The more things change, the more they stay the same! But how exactly do you intend to restructure the universe to pull this off, pray tell?

I'm still working on the details, \*you admit, *but honestly? We could make serious progress just by sitting back, relaxing, and letting Oriko go ahead with the plans that she's already set in motion.*

Machina is silent for entire seconds.

… *I will consider this, and get back to you,* she finally indicates, begrudgingly. \*Even if she buys into it wholesale, we still have the unfortunate fact that Mami has *executed* dozens of what used to be young girls like herself.

She's put dozens of troubled souls to rest,\* you say. *Can you make it about that? Kyouko's just navigated the psychological shift herself;* t\*he two of them can talk.

I'm not sold, \*says Machina, \*but maybe. Maybe. What does that do to group morale in battle? Can she see what this looks like in practice?

We can try to make that happen,\* you say. *In the meantime, I should also like to inform the other magical girls of the nature of witches. I had intended to do so here, but now I'm thinking it should be private. I can discuss Mami's sensitivity to the topic, but I have no interest in swearing anyone to a conspiracy of silence. I should also like to dissuade the others from becoming magical girls, in the name of our limited grief supply. Will any of this be objectionable, or will it result in more murder-threats?*

Machina ponders.

*It's not objectionable,* she decides.

*Good*, you say.

Wakaba and Yuuka return from their little talk.

"Madoka?? Are you all right?" asks Yuuka, running over.

"Hey, hey, easy now," says Sayaka, still comforting her friend. She wards Yuuka off with her right hand, while Madoka is leaning on her left arm.

"Oh…" says Yuuka.

Wakaba reports to you quietly. \*I am really hoping for one of those magical explanations, \*she begins. \*Good news is, she understands the concept of permission when kissing someone, almost to the point of a minor obsession. Bad news is, I asked her who has permission to kiss her like that, and she said that only her daddy does.

That's very disconcerting,\* you say. \*Are you aware of any history with her father?

I think there was a messy divorce,\* she says, \*and her mom got custody, but then something happened and she's back with her dad. It's probably not the best sign. I'm going to follow up quietly with Nanami once we're out of here.

Thank you,\* you say.

"So is someone going to do something about the witch?" asks Sayaka.

"We probably should," says Nanami, "but tracking it is going to be a real pain."

"Is there anything we can do to help?" asks Sayaka.

"Yes," says Nanami. "Stay safe, and stay out of the way."

Sayaka frowns.

"She's right," says Ryouko. "It's more dangerous if we have to protect you and fight witches too."

"What if I didn't have to be protected?" asks Sayaka. "What if I could actually make a difference?"

"… Don't you even," says Kyouko. "Being a magical girl ain't fun and games, girl, it's life and death. Mostly death."

\[3] Explain to the NCs about the need to remain NCs, because grief economy: mo' MGs, mo' problems.
(The long-delayed.)

You nod to Kyouko.

"Okay, everyone, listen," you say. "This is very important. We have five magical girls here right now. Ryouko, Kyouko, Mami, Nanami, and Homura. That's a lot. We also have a few rivals. Oriko. Kirika. Yuma. Possibly others who we haven't met yet. There may be other groups nearby as well. And at the end of the day, there's only so much magic to go around out there. We can't have unlimited numbers of magical girls."

"Huh?" says Sayaka. "So you're saying I'm too late, and I can't be a magical girl?"

"You probably *can*," you admit, "but you simply mustn't. Not until we have a very strong idea of whether the city can support it. Because if we end up with more magical girls then we have magic, or if Oriko starts putting pressure on us by stealing witches, then sooner or later what happens is someone dies of magic starvation."

"Somebody does *what??*" asks Yuuka.

"Oh, wow," says Wakaba. "Is that really on the table?"

"Very much so," you say. "And even besides that, Kyouko's right. This is a deathly serious commitment. You can literally die out there. Sayaka — of all people, you should be aware of this, and I really hope you didn't learn the wrong lesson from being brought back. For everybody's sake."

"Geez," says Sayaka. "Be all depressing about it, why don't you?"

"If I wanted to be *depressing*," you say, "I'd be giving you estimates for how many weeks the average magical girl of 2011 can expect to live after making her contract."

"… weeks?" asks Wakaba.

"Yes, *weeks*," you say.

"Fuck," says Nanami.

"Don't get me wrong," you tell Nanami, "we're going to beat the average. We are the single best-equipped magical girl group in the history of this universe, and we're actually working together. If we play our cards right, we can all live *forever*. But to do that, we need to start by taking serious things seriously, and that means not having a dozen of magical girls to take care of. It \*will not \*help. It could doom us all."

Kyouko stretches.

"Listen, blueberry," she says, addressing Sayaka. "Do you get to eat good food every day and live a happy life with your friends and family?"

"Well… yeah?" she says.

"So why would you give that up for a life full of danger?" demands Kyouko, a little angrily.

"I … I didn't think—"

"The only people who should be doing this are the ones who've got no other choice," snaps Kyouko. "Anybody else is just messin' around, and that's *stupid*. If you wanna become a magical girl just to help out, you need a serious attitude adjustment, and maybe someone to kick your ass for good measure." She glares at Sayaka.

"What?" says Sayaka. "Well excuse me for *actually caring about people*."

"Kyouko," you say gently. "I don't think an ass-kicking will be strictly necessary here."

"You sure?" she asks. "It'd be for her own good."

"Pretty sure," you say.

"Well, I see *someone's* a real shining beacon of justice," Sayaka grumbles. "Am I right, Madoka?"

Madoka makes another noncommittal noise, and keeps staring at the ground.

"… Madoka?" asks Sayaka.

Wakaba frowns. "Uhh, guys? … I think there might be something wrong with Madoka."

Sayaka's eyes go wide. "Madoka? Are you all right?" She waves a hand in front of Madoka's face. "Oh goddess, you're totally spaced out."

"Jesus," says Kyouko. "Take that towel off her, quick."

Sayaka complies.

Near the back of Madoka's neck, on the right side, there's a dark-colored mark with an elaborate design, like a tattoo.

"Oh, no," says Mami. "A witch's kiss."

"A what?" asks Sayaka, staring at it.

"It's one of the ways they hunt," says Mami.

"Yeah," says Kyouko, "people who get one of those have a bad habit of wandering into traffic and falling off bridges."

"I don't see it," says Hitomi.

"So what do we do?" asks Sayaka.

"Well, we go kill the witch," says Kyouko. "That seems to do it."

"And if we can't find the witch?" asks Sayaka, sharply. "Will she be okay?"

"Dunno," says Kyouko, with a bit of a smirk. "Never seen it happen before."

Sayaka grits her teeth in anger.

"Sayaka, calm down," says Wakaba.

Madoka, still spaced out, leans her head up against Sayaka again, and lazily stretches an arm around her back.

***

**> witch hunt?**

\[ ] Keep Madoka safe with the other civilians.
\[ ] Take Madoka away from the witch, and hope she improves.
\[ ] Use Madoka to lead you to the witch.

\[ ] (write in preferred magical girl deployment plans)

Unless otherwise voted, assume that we will pursue the following as feasible:

\> discuss witches privately with Nanami and Homura
\> keep talking with Machina about remaining topics of interest
more on contingencies, timetables, ethical obligations, risks (including exorcism) and her vision of her and Mami's leadership role
\> cuddle Kyouko
