# it felt like someone else was using my magic

\[4+] Plan: Rubberbandman
(Some other votes had substantial overlap.)

**> Keep Madoka safe with the other civilians and Mami**
\> Double check the ribbon is still stopping timestop
**> Seek and destroy.**
-> In two groups: Homura+Nanami, Ryouko+Kyouko.
-> Instruct Homura to use timestop liberally.

Nanami provides directions to one of the spots she crossed the witch's trail, and she and Homura set off for another. You find yourself holding Kyouko's hand.

"This is weird," says Kyouko, looking around at the stopped world around her.

"Don't you worry," you tell Kyouko, "just keep holding my hand, and everything will be fine."

She smirks. "So why do you and Ryouko get immunity?" asks Kyouko. "Izzit because you're time travelers too?"

"That's … " You ponder that. "Actually, I don't know. I had *thought* it was a magic ribbon, but that could technically be it."

"Huh. Something of Mami's?" asks Kyouko.

"… no, not quite," you say. "Hold on a second, though."

*There's a small possibility that we're about to stop responding,* you send to Nanami. *Come back and get us if that happens.*

You walk on for a few more moments.

*Still good?* asks Nanami.

*I think we're okay,* you reply.

"Okay, done," you tell Kyouko.

"So where do magic ribbons come from, then?" asks Kyouko.

"That's… a very long story," you say. "Involving religion."

"Oh, I've got lots of those," says Kyouko.

Ryouko hesitates a moment, looking at an old man sitting on a park bench. He's not that wrinkly, but he is missing a lot of hair on the top of his head. She's not quite sure what to think.

You'll leave her with those thoughts for a moment. At least she's not freaking out like she was before with the old lady.

A thought occurs to you, perhaps a little easier to deal with than talking about religion with Kyouko right this moment. You should figure out what you want to *say* to her about it.

"It can't *just* be time travel," you say, "because Machina isn't immune too. Unless that's just because she was conjured by a wish? … I don't know."

Ryouko suddenly disappears.

"Aaaaaaaaaaah!" you scream.

"What? What's wrong?" asks Kyuoko.

You look back over your shoulder.

Ryouko did not disappear. She still exists. She's just stopped in time. No need to panic. Seeing her standing there is very reassuring. But all the parts of your awareness that came from Ryouko are still gone. It feels like half of your *umwelt* has been chopped off and gone missing.

"Homura, stop!" you cry out.

She's already done so, at your first scream. "Is everything all right?" she calls out.

"Ryuoko just … time-stopped! Walk back about 10 meters!" you say.

You should go grab Ryouko yourself.

No. You shouldn't. You'll just stop yourself. Bad idea.

Homura walks back ten… fifteen… twenty meters. Ryouko stays frozen in her contemplation.

Why isn't she un-freezing? Does the timestop interrupt the property where the two of you count as touching? Can you touch her again, and fix it? Would you freeze again for some reason? You're not quite sure what to do, and starting to panic again —

Ryouko suddenly appears beside you, blinking in confusion, holding your other hand.

"That was almost disorienting," she says. "What happened?"

"Uhh… you fell a little behind, and got time-stopped," you start to explain…

"So did you just teleport me back in?" she asks. "Because it felt like someone else was using my magic."

"… I think I did," you admit.

You don't know quite how, but the magic is right there. It's like there's a thread, running from you to Ryouko's soul, and to a restlessness there at its core. You can feel it. You also feel very weird, and very guilty. You didn't realize that Ryouko had any more privacy left for you to take.

Kyouko raises an eyebrow, but says nothing.

"I was panicking," you say to Ryouko, meekly. "I'm sorry?"

"No, that's actually really cool!" she says. "Can you do it again?"

In a moment, the three of you are beside Homura and Nanami. The magic definitely came from Ryouko's gem. You're not sure how to feel about this.

... You'll figure it out later; right this moment, you have a job that you were trying to do.

"So we might have a problem doing multiple groups in timestop," you declare. "It looks like we lost Ryouko at… about 140 meters from Homura." you conclude.

"That makes sense, I guess?" says Nanami.

"It does?" asks Kyouko. "How."

"Well, that's about the limit your soul can be from your body, right?" she says. "At least, according to my manual."

"You have a *manual?*" asks Kyouko.

"Yeah, I have a future manual, it's part of the wish," she says. "So nominal soul range is 100 meters — probably a conservative figure? I'd imagine there's some variance. Or maybe time-stop is just less complicated than managing a body, and the range is a little longer…"

"That's another thing," says Kyouko, "Call me dense, but how can your soul be *not* in your body? Unless we're, like, talking about eternity and heaven and stuff?"

Nanami looks at Kyouko awkwardly. "Oh, right," she says. "You weren't there…"

You take a deep breath, and squeeze Kyouko's hand.

"Because it's in a very pretty red gem," you say, gently.

Kyouko's eyes go wide.

"Well then," she says. "That's quite interesting."

"Right, I'm going to guess that Kyuubey never mentioned that, either," says Nanami.

"There are a variety of things Kyuubey neglects to mention," you say with a sigh, "and I have been *trying very hard* to get to them all in a timely manner, and *not* keep secrets from people that could harm them. But we keep having a million things happen, and then —"

You pause.

And then you have Machina undermining your efforts. But Machina hasn't introduced herself to everyone, just to Kyouko. Because she wants to hide. Because she's afraid and feels safer hiding behind the little tagline on Field Marshal Tomoe's emails saying they're technically of machine origin.

Oh, to Jupiter with this nonsense.

\[deferred] Discuss witches with Nanami and Homura, away from Mami

"And then?" asks Nanami.

"Nanami, Homura," you say, "there's something we talked to Kyuubey about last night. You two really should know. It won't make you happy, but you should know."

Nanami sighs. "Okay. Lay it on me."

You take a deep breath.

"It's about when magical girls run out of magic. What I said before was only half the truth. You don't straight-up die, you turn into a witch first. All the witches are just … magical girls gone bad, or their echoes."

Homura's eyes are as wide as dinner plates.

"What?" asks Nanami. "Then… what's the point? Of any of this?" asks Nanami. "Damn it, the little fluff-bastard sells you like it's all about *protecting people*, but it's more like — Oh, hahaha. I get it. We're *sacrifices to alien gods.* Ah, hahaha. Of course he comes for the young girls. *Fuck*."

"That's — that's terrible!" says Homura.

"Don't even get me started on alien gods," you say, shaking your head. "But —"

"Nanami," interrupts Ryouko. "It doesn't have to be this way. There aren't any witches in our future. We fight *demons,* and protect people from *aliens,* and we collect grief \*cubes \*instead of grief *seeds*, and... there's a goddess who saves all the magical girls and takes them away to heaven *before* they can turn into monsters."

"… really?" asks Homura.

"Really really," says Ryouko. "And I think we can change things here."

"… *Oh*," says Nanami. "Oh, so *that's* what that business earlier was all about. Well, fuck."

"Huh?" asks Homura.

Nanami looks at Homura.

"… Never mind," she concludes after a moment. "Conversation earlier with Hitomi."

"Don't tell Mami," adds Kyouko. "Not yet. I'm… we're still working on how to break the news to her."

Nanami frowns. "Okay? That's a little awkward."

"I *know*," you say, now a little annoyed with Kyouko. "This is precisely the kind of conspiracy of silence I *don't* want to be running. The group should be a place where we can trust each other."

Kyouko frowns. "I'll figure it out," she says. "In the meantime, we still have people to protect," she says. "And we have a witch to hunt, and when we find it, we will put her soul to rest, with… with compassion, and dignity. We can work on big-picture stuff afterwards."

Nanami nods. "Right," she says. "Sounds like a plan."

\> Look into using our precise computing to track the witch better.

Nanami is taking you to where the witch was last detected.

"I want to try and get an idea of the shape of the trail," you say. "Or trail fragment. Record the soul gem responses at several points, interpolate, get some sort of an image."

"Well, we crossed the trail *right here*," says Nanami. "Between the water fountain and the tree. There's not another water fountain, I'm not mixing it up. So why is it *so weak*?"

"Hold on," says Kyouko, reaching down to the ground. She strokes the grass with her hands, ruffling the fronds.

"Ah!" says Nanami, as her soul gem glows. "That's … a little better."

You look down at the ground. "So it's like a scent trail," you conclude. "A magical substance accumulates along the ground, or maybe other surfaces, and then sublimates particles or radiates energy. And that's what you can detect."

"Maybe the witch magic just isn't absorbed by the air," proposes Ryouko. "Or it is, but then it blows away. Would it have a density?"

"It's not flowing anymore, either," says Nanami. "You can't really tell which way you're supposed to follow it. The other ones, you could definitely tell."

"Hmm," you say. "That doesn't sound like a pure scent model. Some sort of a current?" You think on that idea for a few moments. "If it conducts emotional energy somehow, maybe it also works as some way to gather victims…"

Kyouko shrugs.

You sigh. "I'd hoped to use lots of timestop," you say. "Besides keeping the group safe *right now*, hunting in timestop could just about solve our immediate grief problems, even if Oriko did her worst to make us miserable. But if detection is really this hard, and we can't split up into groups, I'm not sure that it's worth it."

"Is there a way we could focus the weak signal, or amplify it?" speculates Ryouko, idly. "How do signals work when time is stopped?"

"They *don't* work," you say. "We're talking right now using words, but if time were really stopped, the air wouldn't be carrying our sounds, the sun wouldn't be shining, and we'd be making sonic booms by moving faster than the speed of sound. Stars, we'd probably be throwing off all sorts of weird vacuum radiation from moving faster than the speed of light. Whatever this place actually is, it behaves more like the *poetic idea* of stopped time, not any actual physics."

"Umm," says Homura. "I'm sorry?"

"It's quite all right, really," you say. "Actual stopped time would be ridiculously inconvenient."

Kyouko waves off all the jargon with her free hand. "Whatever it is the witch hunt ain't gonna to work like this unless one of us wants to, like, get down on the ground and sniff like a dog, or somethin'."

You raise an eyebrow.

You do owe Kyouko payback for before, don't you?

Well then.

"… *kinky*," you say. "I would never have imagined, Kyouko."

You really wouldn't have.

Kyouko just stops. Her whole face is turning cherry red.

Nanami giggles. "Wow," she says. "Wowwww."

"W-well," stutters Kyouko, defiantly, "if that's h-how you really want us to do things, m-maybe I *will*."

"It'd be nice if Amy could do it," says Homura, obliviously, looking off into the distance. "But I don't think she's magic enough…"

***

\> witch hunt?

\[ ] Take Kyouko up on her offer to follow the trail
\[ ] Hunt the witch without the benefit of timestop
\[ ] Use Madoka as bait after all
\[ ] Ribbon the Best Cat
\[ ] (write in)

Later, unless you vote to change your mind:
\> Tell Kyouko you're glad she laid out some truths to Sayaka, but to be careful.
\> When Wakaba has more time to talk to Yuuka, she should ask if there was someone who wasn't respecting her about kissing
