# Does that actually explain the squirrel

\[3] Apologize to Homura for having to rely on her power so much, but it's incredibly useful and the only one that doesn't consume resources we need to survive.

You apologize to Homura, reiterating the impact of time-stop on survival chances and the difference that her ability makes to the team. She isn't really having any of the apologies, though, especially with Madoka on the line right now.

"It's what I made my wish to do," she points out.

"All the same," you insist, "I don't want to take you for granted. It really is an incredible power."

"If — if you say so," she says.

"I do!"

"It's not really helping right now, though," she apologizes.

"We just need to figure things out," you say.

\[5] Determine direction to follow the trail

"Here's what I propose," you say. "Drop the time-stop, and get the direction we need to go. Then, follow the trail carefully in stopped time."

"We were here before," says Nanami. "The trail goes this way. Same way Madoka was going."

She gestures in the relevant direction.

**\[5] Follow the scent in time-stop**

"We should really try to follow the trail in timestop, then," you insist. "And, well, to be honest," you say to Kyouko in a lighter tone, "your idea really would really help, a lot."

Kyouko furrows her brow for a moment.

"Well," she says, eyes closed, "if you put it that way … I've done a lot worse. Had ta beg for my supper. Gone to the dumpsters, even, and more than once."

"Oh," says Homura. "Really?

Nanami looks at Kyouko with surprise, tempered with sympathy.

"So you're right," continues Kyouko, opening her eyes again. "At the end of the day, it's just not worth making a big deal over. I wouldn't want anyone to say Sakura Kyouko starved herself because she was too uptight, or nothin' like that."

You nod. "Thank you very m—"

"But if the two of us need to keep touching?" interrupts Kyouko, with a frown. "That's just awkward. It ain't whatchacallit… Ergonomic. We need to be clever about how we do it."

"Okay," you admit. "What do you propose?"

"Well, obviously," she says, with a crooked smirk, "what we need is a way to stay connected from a short distance."

She snaps her fingers.

Kyouko is now wearing a black collar with spikes around her neck. On the front is a bronze ring attached to a chain, with links like in Kyouko's spear. A little dangling tag bears the kanji for Sakura Kyouko in the center of a cherry blossom.

Nanami, shocked, covers her mouth.

Homura looks like Ryouko feels. It's sort of an "oh, huh, I guess that's a thing" look.

"Uhm…" you say, trying to back away (and failing, as you are still holding hands). "I was trying to make light of the dog idea. Really. You don't have to."

"I'm doing it," shrugs Kyouko, putting the handle of the leash in your hands.

"Also, the point of this was to not use magic," you say, finding a convenient excuse.

"This is like nothing," she says. "It doesn't take much magic if it's just myself and the stuff I'm wearing. All the real magic's in fighting." She lets go of your hand and crouches down to the ground, sniffing at the magic. "We can get a real one later if you want," she proposes, with a smirk.

You're not quite sure what to do. The leash seems solid enough, and it does keep you connected in time-stop.

"Well then," says Kyouko, getting down on her hands and knees, "I'll just follow my nose, so to speak."

Homura, it seems, has actually been trying to stifle a giggle, but it escapes.

Kyouko turns her head back at her.

"Oh, um," apologizes Homura, "I'm sorry, uhh…"

"Yeah, it is kinda silly, isn't it?" says Kyouko, light-heartedly, smiling. "I tell you what, though. As long as we're doing a thing, let's do it right."

She snaps her fingers again, and summons dog-ears and a tail.

"There," she says. "Just so I don't haveta take myself too seriously here."

"Are you really quite sure?" you ask. "I really don't want to take your dignity for granted —"

"Eh," she says, "this ain't nothing. If you really want *undignified,* ask me about the Christmas pageant." She grins. "Let's get started, shall we?"

*Nanami,* you send, as Kyouko attends to following the witch's trail, *I am confused and afraid at the consequences of my earlier arguments. I don't suppose you'd be able to talk us all out of this, would you?*

She shakes her head.

*The crazy thing is that it makes sense,* she says. *I'm not sure what this says about the situation.*

***

The good news is that Kyouko is having no trouble following a magic trail in time-stop. The… *other* news, is that she's also added pads to her hands (*not* paws, you're not going to call them paws), presumably for more ergonomics.

"Well, here's the part where the trail stops," she says, examining the area. "And ahead of it is …"

"Nothing," says Nanami. "That's the problem."

Kyouko examines it more closely, feeling around and getting very close to the ground. "Not quite *nothing,"* she determines, "but not nearly as much, not by a long shot. And not a trail anymore, either. But it's got an edge. It's like the magic is all smeared out. Never seen this before."

"Weird," says Nanami.

"It feels familiar somehow," says Ryouko, kneeling down to fluff the grass and get a better sense of it.

"Yeah?" asks Kyouko. "How so?"

"It's like the miasma," she concludes.

"Hmm?" asks Nanami. "What's this now?"

"Demons don't make labyrinths," she explains. "They travel in a miasma. It's sort of a space that's overlaid on top of the real world. It ends up containing a lot of damage if you're fighting, too."

"Oh," says Kyouko. "Yeah, the labyrinth last night that was full of demons sort of had a similar feel, now that you mention it."

"Maybe this witch is fighting demons too," proposes Ryouko, "but it's more of a stalemate, and the miasma is leaking out somehow?"

"An interesting theory," you say. "When we get there, we have to expect the labyrinth will be crawling with demons."

Homura nods in acknowledgment.

"I think what I can do is follow the edge of this… miasma blob," says Kyouko, "and then we'll find where the trail picks up again after that. And then, we'll have it cornered."

***

The detour you make is substantial, and the trail leaves in a different direction; it's no wonder Nanami was having trouble.

"Found it again," says Kyouko.

"Aha!" says Ryouko. She's starting to anticipate a fight.

Kyouko trots on a little further, seemingly excited as well, and wagging her tail, which really just drives home how weird everything about your pocket of reality happens to be at this moment.

"Aah!" says Kyouko, suddenly veering in another direction, and coming to a stop. "What the hell is *that?*"

"It's a … squirrel?" asks Nanami. It does look like a squirrel, but, weirdly stylized.

"What is it doing moving?!" asks Kyouko. "We're supposed to be stopped!"

Nanami's eyes go really wide.

"Okay," says Nanami, "this is too fucking weird. Can someone tell me what the fuck happened to the part where we all sort of understand reality? And can we go back there, please?"

"… Oh," you say. "How nice. Someone who understands."

"Homura," asks Ryouko, "do you have any idea what's going on?"

She tenses up, and squints, and takes a deep breath.

"Why do we have familiars running around in timestop!?" demands Kyouko. "What is this, a labyrinth?" She turns to look at Homura. "Are you a witch, girl?"

You are momentarily distracted from the surreality of a familiar showing up with the more *acutely* surreal realization that while sniffing out the miasma-blob, Kyouko seems to have given herself a dog-like *nose* as well. You're tempted to touch it…

"It's because Clarisse — It's your fault!" she asserts defensively, turning to address you mid-sentence.

"I—I'm sorry?" you say. "What did I do?"

"It's… It's your fault that there are *five* people here, and we're not even fighting or anything. It's supposed to be for like one person, *maybe* two. Definitely. Not. Five! Maybe it would be okay for just tactical engagements, but, well — Oh, and I don't even know *how* you two are cheating things so that you can move, either. So don't! Blame! Me!"

"Oh," you say. "I *am* sorry, you never said anything…"

"Well, I'm saying it now!" says Homura.

"You did kind of make it hard for her, saying how important it was," notes Nanami.

"But … why a familiar?" asks Kyouko.

"Oh," says Ryouko. "Oh, it's *not* a labyrinth, but … it's close. It's a pocket world that's overlaid on top of the universe, cut off from normal reality, with its own set of rules. And it moves around with Homura."

"What?" asks Kyouko. "Okay, maybe, but does that actually explain the squirrel? monster?? thing?!?"

"Oh, fuck," says Nanami.

"Oh, no," you say. "What is it?"

"You know what we've been doing?" asks Nanami. "We've been stirring up all the magic that the witch left behind, and it doesn't have anywhere to go, so it's just been collecting. No wonder familiars are showing up."

"We also have, like, five people's worth of emotional energy," adds Ryouko. "Which doesn't sound like a lot, but, if the energy is usually free to radiate like neutrinos, and we just bottled it up, maybe it could be a lot more than we'd expect…" She's attracted to the idea that the squirrel must have materialized in this particular form because of what Kyouko's been doing, though not quite sure how to explain it convincingly.

"We should drop the timestop," says Nanami "like, *right now.*"

"Please not *right now*," you say, gesturing to some nearby pedestrians. "Not in front of people!"

Kyouko snarls at the small familiar.

"… You don't have to be mean to it," says Homura. "It's just a little squirrel…"

The squirrel-thing makes a noise at Kyouko.

Kyouko lunges, and catches it in her mouth — it lets out a squeaking noise, and goes limp. She lets it drop to the ground.

"It was mocking us," she asserts.

***

**> it's just one tiny familiar**

\[ ] Bail out of timestop, disenchant Kyouko, continue hunt.
-\[ ] Pretend to be looking for something in the grass, or whatever.
-\[ ] Never speak of the canine incident again.
-\[ ] Give Kyouko an actual hug.

\[x] Continue to hunt in timestop
-\[x] Pat Kyouko on the head, assuring her that she's a good girl
-\[x] Make sure everyone's fine after the witch-related reveal earlier
-\[x] Kill the witch and/or demons with time-stop as appropriate
-\[x] Opportunistic firearms training / investigation combination
