# <3 I belong to Shizuki Clarisse <3

\> Reassure Homura it's clearly not her fault, and it's fine.

"You're right," you say to Homura. "A lot of this is my fault. I didn't mean to put so much on your shoulders. I'm sorry."

"It's ... it's okay," says Homura.

You nod. "We'll make it better," you say.

Homura nods.

"And... Kyouko," you say, turning back to face her.

She tenses, and looks at you like she's just been caught chewing on something expensive.

\> Pat Kyouko on the head, assuring her that she's a good girl
\>> But apologize we need her to be presentable, so no dog stuff for now.

You take a deep breath, and relax.

"[Kyoukoinu](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/%E3%81%93%E3%81%84%E3%81%AC#Japanese)," you say, patting her gently on the head. "You're a good girl."

She blinks and looks up at you in surprise. "I … I am?"

"Yes," you say, stroking her fluffy ears. "But I think we need you to be presentable. Kyouko the girl, not the puppy."

"Right-o," she says, and starts to stand up — but she wobbles, stopping herself, and frowns. "Whoa," she says.

"Is something wrong?" you ask.

"Off balance," she says, and tries again.

That doesn't quite work either.

She frowns, and suddenly looks very worried.

"Oh, no," you say. "Oh, don't you tell me, don't you dare tell me you got yourself stuck like that. Oh no, please don't."

"Uhhmmmm," says Kyouko, "maybe?"

"Of course you did," you continue. "Of course. And it's not *just* because we've trapped too much magic in a pocket universe, and you've been sticking your face into witch magic, literally, after you'd made yourself look like a dog, and were acting like a dog. That's part of it, yes, but really, it's because this is the sort of thing that *happens*, now. We get into *scrapes*, and have *misadventures,* and get up to *shenanigans*. It has been embedded by magic into the structure of the universe itself."

Nanami's eyes go wide, and she looks very guilty.

"Well then!" you say, clapping your hands together. "If I just think about it that way, it's *almost* not surreal at all! I tell you what, Homura knows what to do here."

"What?" she says. "I do?"

"You've already used magic to restore your self-image once," you point out, "when you heard voices in your head."

"Oh!" says Homura. "Oh, you're right… I do know what to do!"

You nod. "If you could explain to Kyouko, then…"

Homura makes the Sign of the Cross.

"Maybe without the full exor—"

"Let God arise," says Homura, in a commanding voice, "and let His enemies be scattered! Let them that hate Him flee before him!"

"Huh?" says Kyouko, diverting her attention.

Homura reaches into the pocket-space in her shield, and withdraws a crucifix.

"As smoke is driven a way, let them be driven! As wax melts before the fire, let the wicked perish at the presence of God!"

"No," you object, "I didn't mean to do *that*, I'm not sure this is good for the emotional temperature…"

Homura isn't having any of it, and speaks over you, louder than before.

"Behold the Cross of the Lord! Flee, bands of evil!" she cries out. "The lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David hath conquered!"

Kyouko is sitting, leaning a forward, paws on the ground in front of her, and paying rapt attention. She looks very serious, but whimpers, slightly.

*On the other hand,* you propose to Ryouko and Nanami, \*maybe shutting her down would raise the emotional temperature in here even more.

I'm just surprised to see her this intense,\* says Nanami.

You're just surprised to see her so *passionate*.

***

Homura is *abjuring a cursed dragon and diabolical legion* in the name of the Living God, the True God, the Holy God, the God who "so loved the world that He gave up His Only Son, that every soul believing in Him might not perish but have life everlasting."

You're really, really hoping that this does not lead to conflict because you *have* this prayer (or a variant thereof) deep in your data-banks, attached to an encyclopedia article on rituals of exorcism, and while Homura is not following the text there exactly by any means, there's substantial overlap, and there's definitely a part coming up real soon about the One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church.

\*Oh, in the name of the Goddess, \*you say to yourself, *please, don't let them start sectarian conflict over that. It would be utterly horrible.*

You look at Kyouko. The emotional energy in here *is* getting worse, Kyouko's arms are getting furrier.

You need to get her out of here. You need to get *yourself* out of here, before anything starts happening to *you*, especially since you're holding the leash. Homura definitely needs to drop the timestop. You could have Ryouko go grab her — no, no fighting, that's even more \*making it worse. \*Not this.

Please, just let it stop. You just want your normal Kyouko back.

*Please.*

Suddenly there is a poof of red magic. You blink. Kyouko is entirely back to normal.

"Begone, Satan..." Homura begins, then trails off.

"Whoa," says Nanami, in disbelief. "Did that just actually work?"

"I think the magic worked," proposes Ryouko. "I don't know about the prayer."

Kyouko gingerly touches the ground with fingers and opposable thumbs, checks her face for the shape of the nose that she knows, reaches down to her neck —

well, the collar's still there.

"Huh," she says.

"Hold on," you say, "If you're not careful with that, you'll freeze. Let me help."

You unbuckle the collar, and carefully remove it from Kyouko's neck, inspecting. It seems to be a physical object now, though you distrust it. Maybe you should destroy it later, when you have time outside of timestop…

The back side of Kyouko's dog-tag proclaims, "I belong to Shizuki Clarisse," followed by your phone number. There are little tiny hearts on either end of every line.

That's… that's…

You're not sure what that is.

"Hold this for a minute," you tell Kyouko, giving her your elbow (not the collar), so that you can coil it up with the leash and put it in your bag. "We're going to … *study* these, later, when we have time."

"Huh?" she says. "Oh. Sure."

You think that one through again.

"Study them as *potentially dangerous magical artifacts*," you say. "Not anything else."

"I wasn't suggesting otherwise!" declares Kyouko, a little defensively.

"And… it's very good to have you back," you add.

She smiles, warmly. "Well, gee, thanks."

***

\> Find somewhere private and drop the timestop
\> Contact Machina and the others, make sure the situation there is normal, set up check-ins
\> Search for the witch outside of timestop

The labyrinth is quite nearby, and is the strangest yet. The outer labyrinth arranged like a laundromat, all front-load washers and driers with swirling images inside, but very empty; the inner chamber, by contrast, is a wide open space reaching up into a boundless blue sky. The witch at its center is like a spider in a web, if spiders wore dark blue school uniforms, and had four human arms, and two more human arms where human legs should go, and no head. It climbs among a series of clothes-lines, bedecked with sailor-shirts. Desks rain from the sky, as the witch spits forth from underneath its skirt *pairs of human legs, with no torsos,* wearing skirts and ice skates — all striking at a teeming mass of demons which fill the ground below.

"Right," says Nanami. "She was a magical girl…"

It's funny, but as witches go, this one is somehow much more obviously *human*, and thus, far more strange and surreal than the others.

"What happened to her?" asks Homura.

"I don't know," says Ryouko, "but it couldn't have been very nice."

\> Kill the witch and/or demons with time-stop as appropriate

"Clear the demons out first, in timestop" directs Ryouko, calmly. "Resume time. Collect the grief cubes. I'll do longitudinal sections on the witch herself."

You collect one hundred and sixty six grief cubes, of which precisely zero are overloaded. Topping everyone off takes a total of three cubes.

"Can we work out how to split these up later?" you ask. "And spend less time in Homura's time-stop?"

No one seems to object.

Kyouko is astounded at the bounty. "About how many of these, again, per grief seed?" she asks.

"I'm not sure," you say. "Grief seeds aren't standardized, and we haven't used a lot of them yet. Somewhere between four and eight, I think?"

"What," asks Kyouko.

"There's no way we killed that many demons," says Ryouko.

"We'll need to move beyond pockets, if this keeps up." you note.

Ryouko looks up at the witch, frozen in time overhead. "Thanks," she says, quietly.

Kyouko genuflects on one knee, and places her hands together in prayer.

"To every thing," she says, "there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven. A time to be born, a time to die. A time to plant, a time to reap. A time to build up, a time to break down. A time to weep, and a time to laugh. A time to mourn, and a time to dance. A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together. A time to hope, and a time to despair. A time to kill, and a time to heal." She takes a deep breath. "Grant unto her eternal rest. Let light perpetual shine upon her. May her soul, through the mercy of God, rest in peace. Amen."

"Amen," adds Homura, quietly.

Nanami just nods, silently.

Kyouko turns to Ryouko, with an expectant look.

Ryouko nods. The deed is done.

\> Make sure everyone's fine after the witch-related reveal

Preliminary analysis suggests that *you* are the one who is most shaken right now. Ryouko's calmly detached. Homura was looking pretty iffy, but seems to have been calmed by Kyouko's prayer. Nanami's harder to tell, though. You're pretty sure she'd brush it off if you asked right now, though. You'll keep an eye on her.

As for yourself, you are not sure how you feel about this all. You remain shaken from the dog incident — more so than Kyouko, perhaps, who seems to have taken it in stride. You are further conflicted over the Christian influences on the team, and your girlfriend. And… when you see a witch, you think of Ryouko ending up like that, and it's not a very good place to be.

Well, you do have Kyouko back. Normal Kyouko. And… you're pretty sure that she likes you, and that's a warm feeling.

It's a warm feeling, and it's also little wisp of thread, red like her soul, but it glows brightly, and you're holding onto it right next to the green thread that connects you to Ryouko's soul and her magic. *Yes,* says the feeling, hopefully, \*it's just a start, and it's complicated, but maybe, just maybe, I could be almost anything for her. \*The magic attached to the feeling is certainly not a spear, and not quite illusions, either. It's next to illusions; it's the magic of changing things, the magic of a witch, of a sorceress, of Circe. The magic *definitely* belongs to Kyouko, and you're not at all confident that she's aware of it.

The world goes on without you for a moment, as this sinks in.

"Oh my! That was impressively quick!" says Mami-chan, as you all approach. "Mami-chan is very impressed."

Homura shakes her head. "It's not like that," she says, a little distantly. "Thank you, though." She pauses a moment, before remembering the cause of the trouble. "Madoka, are you okay?"

"Hmm?" asks Madoka. She looks up and smiles. "Yeah, I'm okay. Sleepy."

"Your legs must be sore," says Sayaka.

Madoka nods.

"It's good to be back," says Nanami.

"Now where were we?" asks Kyouko. "I believe there was a bento around here somewhere…"

Where were you, indeed?

***

**> re-prioritize**

You're a little scrambled right now.
If we had earlier plans, such as any leftover [here](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/machine-in-the-ghost-a-tac-clarisse-quest-for-to-the-stars-a-pmmm-fanfic.44100/page-113#post-11066575), it might be good to bring them back explicitly.

\[] Focus on cuddling Kyouko
\[] Minor distractions
-\[] assign Nanami to debug Madoka
\[] Major distractions
-\[] scheme against **Oriko**
-\[] grief cube management logistics
-\[] **Walpurgisnacht**
-\[] more meguca cyborgs!
-\[] further nonverbal sparring with Machina
\--\[] (specifics?)
-\[] (write in other discussions)
-\[] incite shenanigans proactively with frivolous use of magic

We have neglected the opportunistic firearms training / experiment combination. Non-magical guns are not known to Governance to be effective against demons, and there weren't many accessible familiars. The opportunity just wasn't that good.

We will also
\> follow up with Nanami in due course, to make sure she's okay.
