# Madoka's perfect date

To improve participation and get input from more people on the plans, the mega-votes for a long agenda will be materialized as a series of shorter referendums on specifics over the next several doots.

**> Focus on cuddling Kyouko**

Kyouko sits down with your mediocre bento.

You shake your head.

"I feel about how Madoka looks," you say. "Can I borrow this?" you ask Kyouko.

"Borrow what?" she asks.

"This," you say, lying down on your back, with her lap as a pillow.

"Huh?" she says. "What if I drop rice on your head?"

"Well," you say, "eat carefully."

Wakaba looks over.

"Comfortable there?" she asks.

"Mmf." you say. "Comfy now. Talk later."

\> Get Wakaba to remind everyone that we have tech and magic. If someone has strong wishes for something, speak up.

You ask Wakaba for a big favor.

The idea, you explain, is that if you wish for something, you have to pay for it for the rest of your life. Better if you don't have to wish at all and can make it happen yourself.

*And we can make a lot of things happen,* you tell her\*.

Okay\*, says Wakaba. *That makes sense.*

If nothing else, at least you'll impair their potential by making them think big.

\> assign Nanami to debug Madoka

*Any idea why Madoka couldn't stop running?* you ask Nanami.

*I have ideas*, sends Nanami, \*but they're confusing. Let me send an event log. I'd like to know what you think of it; I've annotated the relevant parts.

I'll take a loo—\*

"Hey, Madoka."

**> be Madoka**

You look at Sayaka, as the two of you walk along the river. "Yes?"

"What do you think about kissing?"

You've read about kissing, but don't really know how to actually do it. It's very romantic. You have more opinions on the romance parts than the kissing parts.

This is a very Sayaka question: direct.

It's not very romantic.

"Oh, I don't know," you hedge.

"You ever think of just going and kissing a boy?" asks Sayaka. "To see what it's like?

You shake your head No.

"Uh-uh. That's no good."

"Why not?" asks Sayaka. "Scared? Come on, live on the edge!"

"It's not that," you say. "Your first kiss is one you remember. It's better for it to be special."

"Like how?"

Oh, Sayaka.

"Like … on the top of a mountain," you try to explain. "Or on Tokyo Tower. Or a sunset by the beach."

"Yeah, well, I don't know who your boyfriend is," says Sayaka, rhetorically, "but I'm in middle school. No one's taking me to the top of any mountains."

You giggle a little. "No one's kissing you, either."

"Hey!" she exclaims. "When you put it like that it makes me look bad."

"It doesn't *have* to be a mountain, or anything like that," you explain to her, to distract her from the annoyance. "But it should make you should feel special."

"Mmf," grunts Sayaka. "Too much romantic stuff. I want a little adventure."

"I like the romantic stuff," you explain, "because being in love is an adventure. All sorts of things could happen. If anything, it's a lot scarier for your first kiss to be someone you might be in love with."

She thinks that over a bit.

"Yeah, I guess," she allows.

You walk on for a bit.

"Okay, Madoka," she says. "What's your idea of a perfect first kiss?"

"Oh, I don't know," you lie. "I never thought about it like that."

"Make something up then," she insists. "Romantic. Exciting."

"Well…" you begin.

"Well?" asks Sayaka.

"Well, you'd need a cute boy," you say.

"Well duh," says Sayaka. "Come on, how do the two of you end up on the top of the mountain?"

"Oh his motorcycle," you declare.

Sayaka is startled. "… On his what?"

"He asks you to ride on his motorcycle, and you wrap your arms around, and hold on tight, and it's really scary but he makes you feel safe. Then he rides up to the mountain, or —"

"Hold on," says Sayaka. "Forget the mountain. Since when does Madoka like *bad boys?*"

"I don't — it's not like that!" you object. "That's not what I meant!"

That really *isn't* what you meant, but … now that she says it, it actually sounds a little exciting.

"What did you mean?" asks Sayaka.

"Even if he is bad," you insist, "he'd have to have a soft side too. Someone gentle."

"The gentle motorcyclist," says Sayaka. "With a heart of gold. What does he do that makes him so gentle?"

"I don't know," you say. "Maybe he's … a gardener or something."

"Oh, gosh," says Sayaka. "You want to marry your dad, except on a motorcycle."

"What?!?" you exclaim. "That's not it at all!"

"No?" she asks. "Oh, oh, I could see your mom on a motorcycle though."

"Stop making fun," you say.

"I can see it now," she says, with a laugh. "Your mom's driving the motorcycle, your dad's in back, and you're in the middle of the sandwich. Madoka's perfect date."

You end up being mad at Sayaka for a week.

You shared a secret with her, and she made fun of you.

It's the longest you'd been mad at her, you're pretty sure. Maybe the longest that you've been mad at anyone. You almost think about not being friends, but that would be sad, so you make up.

Yuuka kissed you and you don't feel like a very special person and it isn't exciting and you don't have someone to make you feel safe.

It's not that you've been too badly violated. She stole something a little special from you, yes; obviously it doesn't *count*, but, it does make the next kiss less of a surprise, a little less special. Under other circumstances, you'd be mad at her for this. But you're not thinking about that at all right now.

The problem is that it felt really *wrong*, and it also felt good. You liked it, a lot.

It's like Sayaka said. \*Kaname Madoka likes bad boys. \*And, well… you might just be a bad girl yourself.

And Sayaka is going to laugh at you again, and maybe make a joke about motorcycles, except with Yuuka, and it'll be terrible, and you'll be very upset again. And they'll make fun of Yuuka about it, too. Or tease you about liking girls instead of boys. And if they do find out that you liked it, they'll laugh at you even more.

They're probably teasing Yuuka about it right now. Or yelling at her.

You need to go back, and tell them it was all a misunderstanding, that everything's okay, that you're okay. Which is why you shouldn't have run away, you screw-up. How are you going to tell them it's all okay, now? They won't believe you. And Sayaka won't be able to resist teasing you about liking girls, and going over to the dark side, and these transfer students who are a bad influence. But you'll tell her that you don't like girls, and she won't believe you, and you'll end up fighting again.

And a bad influence sounds cool, too.

"Madokaaaaaaa", calls Nanami, as you pass her next to a tree. The Doppler effect makes the pitch shift, and stretches out the last syllable.

*Madoka?* she follows up. *Madoka, please, slow down and just talk to us, okay?* sends Nanami.

It would be good to talk to someone. You just wish that there was someone who could understand… well, everything. There's just so much to explain. You wouldn't know where to start. You're not really good at explaining. And you can't tell Mom and Dad about it all, because they doesn't know about the magic.

And, well, Dad would be disappointed in you, because he thinks you're a good girl.

It's no use. You shouldn't have run away, and you can't just go back, and even though you want to talk to someone you don't actually want to talk to anyone.

So you do something easier than going back and telling them everything's okay. You tell a *different* lie.

*Something's wrong,* you reply to Nanami. \*I can't figure out how to make it stop.

What??\* she asks. *What are you seeing? Let me help.*

She sends an access request.

Well, you messed it up again, didn't you? She'll figure it out, that you're a coward, and a liar. That you're a hypocrite who doesn't even take her own advice about love. Just a stupid girl who can't do anything right, an all around screw-up, a burden to those around her.

Maybe you can just make the screen go away.

It's not a lie if you really run forever, is it?

It's easy, really.

*If you look at marker 3, sends* Nanami, *there's definitely a point where it sort of just futzes out, and I think that has to be the point where Madoka was witch kissed.*

Wait. You were witch kissed? … No. That doesn't make sense.

**> be Clarisse**

You're not Madoka. How … how in the heavens did you manage to forget this?

By the stars, what kind of magically enhanced memory recording did Nanami just send you?

Oh, she just sent you … a bare bones event dump from the permissions management subsystem.

Nanami explains her puzzlement. \*The weird thing is, you can clearly see the access control revocation that locks her out, and that's well before the kiss itself, back between markers 1 and 2. The system revokes its own access, and I don't understand why it would happen like that. Everything I understand about it says that it's impossible, that it's working perfectly. Which, by the way, it should be, unless someone else is magicking it, but why would it look like this? I can't help thinking I'm missing something obvious.

Oh,\* you say, still partly dazed. \*She *did* revoke the permissions herself.

What?\* says Nanami. \*Why? And why wouldn't she say anything?

Not sure,\* you say. This is technically true, because… \*There's a witch involved, \*you add, *and it might have changed how she was thinking.*

But those really were your feelings—

**> no, be Clarisse**

No. Those really were *her* feelings. Maybe the witch brought them to the surface, and made some of the bad feelings stronger, but they weren't from nowhere. They were all very much a part of her, integrated in her psyche.

*I'm not sure we should push it,* you conclude.

Now, if only you knew what to do about Madoka's feelings …

Wakaba interrupts, addressing the group.

"So Clarisse has asked me to help with organizing things between the magical girls and the rest of us," she says.

"Oh," says Nanami, diverting her attention from the rest of the conversation. "Good choice, Clarisse. Wakaba's a good baby-sitter."

She looks squarely at Sayaka.

"Hey," says Sayaka, "whatcha trying to say?"

Wakaba shakes her head. "I'm not really in charge of anyone. It's just to help us help each other out."

"Like how?" asks Sayaka.

"Well," she says, "we have a bunch of magical girls, and we have some really advanced technology, and, of course, we have each other. So if we all work together, we can do all sorts of things without someone needing to make a wish."

"What's wrong with a wish?" asks Sayaka.

"Well," says Mami, "you only get one wish. You should really make it count."

"Sayaka," says Nanami. "What's wrong with a wish is you're going to try and be a hero and do something stupid and end up dead. Again."

"What?" asks Sayaka. "You're not from the future, you don't know that!"

"*Anyway*," says Nanami, "I think Wakaba's point is, we have magic and tech, and magic to make more tech. We can do all sorts of stupid things. Like, if Sayaka gets the bright idea that she wants to be the princess of the mermaid kingdom? *We can make that happen.*"

"What?" asks Sayaka. "There's no such thing as mer—"

"We have nanomachines," says Nanami. "We can literally turn people into mermaids, build a kingdom ourselves on the bottom of the ocean, and appoint Sayaka the princess. Granted, it wouldn't be overnight, but still."

"Not going to lie," says Wakaba. "That would be awesome, even if it is ridiculous."

"Yeah, that's my point," says Nanami. "It's an absolutely ridiculous impossible big thing. We can do that."

"We'd want to clean up the oceans, first," says Wakaba. "All the plastic. But we could probably do that too."

Madoka shakes her head. "I don't have any wishes like that," she says.

"Well," says Wakaba, "we should really start with something closer to home anyway."

"If I can offer an example," says Ryouko, "I want to find Asami. She's missing. I don't know what happened to her, and I'm a little worried."

Wakaba nods. "Okay, that's a good example."

"Uhm," says Kyouko. "If it's okay to ask something even when you've already wished…"

"Sure, go ahead," says Wakaba.

She hesitates. "It's … it's my little sister. Momo. I just … I wanted to know if there's a way to bring her back, somehow."

"Back from where?" asks Sayaka.

"… Uhm," says Nanami, looking awkward. "Back from the grave."

"… Oh geez," says Sayaka. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize."

"Oh, stars," you say, getting up and propping yourself up on one arm.

"I mean, I don't know if it's even possible," she says, turning to face you. "It probably isn't … but, well, there are three people here who did time travel, you know? So … I can hope, right?"

***

*> oh heavens, such a thing to ask*

**Your girlfriend** is sort of using the "keep girls from wishing" forum to ask you to break the laws of time and space.
\[ ] Leave the past in the past, as gently as possible.
\[ ] Promise to investigate, but be careful with setting expectations.
\[ ] You'll do it. Somehow. If it's not possible, you'll make it possible.
\[ ] Leave this decision entirely to Ryouko.

**Sayaka** likes magical girl stuff and awesome stuff and wants to be a part of it.
\[ ] Appoint Sayaka future princess of the future mermaid kingdom
\[ ] Ask Sayaka to wish for world peace
\[ ] Attempt to scare her off of the idea of being a magical girl
\- \[ ] Bring up Sayaka's life-debt to Nanami
\[ ] Help her feel useful with (write in task)
\[ ] Tell Sayaka she'll be happiest living a normal life with a little extra awesome
\[ ] Just let Sayaka be Sayaka

**Kaname Madoka** is a silly girl who daydreams about being kissed, and she's recovering from a witch kiss.
\[ ] (write in anything at all to do about Madoka)

Machina is still laying low and being quiet. So is Yuuka.
