# I think the ribbon did something odd

**> *hope* to find Sakura Momo**

You get ready to make a little speech, and...

and

um. why is this so hard?

You're suddenly very, very emotional.

"We can't expect the impossible," you begin.

"Yeah," says Kyouko, "I figured it was —"

"But we can hope," you interrupt. "As long as we have magical girls, we can hope. If it were just the time travel, I'd tell you, we don't have reliable time travel, we don't know how much we can change, and even if it were possible we don't know what it would cost. The odds are against us. But…"

"But we know that there are people trying to change things in the past, even further back than that happened already, and sending messages back from the future. I still have only the barest glimpse of what's going on, but I think that everyone across all the centuries is trying to make things better, somehow. So … I won't settle for not trying. I won't write off the entire past as unfixable. Not yet."

Kyouko considers that.

"That's … a lot more than I expected."

You give Kyouko a big hug.

"Woah, are you okay?" she asks.

You're crying.

"Yes," you say, with a smile. "I'm fine."

***

\> Warn Ryouko and Hitomi both that you may be ribbon-affected

*I'll try to watch out for anything,* says Hitomi\*.\*

Ryouko, internally, promises to keep an eye out for any weird stuff or changes in your behavior.

*The thing with Kyouko was pretty weird,* she notes.

*I think that was witch-weird, though, *you propose,* not ribbon-weird.*

She agrees.

*Also, I guess we've been talking a little less, but a lot of that is because of Kyouko too.*

A pang of regret shoots through your heart.

*I'm sorry,* you say.

Ryouko shakes her head externally. \*You don't need to be.

I do feel bad, though.

No, *insists Ryouko*. You should have interests outside of just me. It's more interesting that way.\*

Oh.

Huh.

That's… a lot less sad. You'll think about that.

***

Wakaba is trying to get the others to keep talking about what they'd wish for. It's not working.

"I don't have anything I'd wish for like that," says Madoka, shaking her head.

"I'm not sure it has to be like that," says Wakaba.

"See, here's the thing," says Sayaka. "We really *don't* have anything really, truly wrong in our lives. And there's a lot of people out there who do. Isn't that exactly why we should want to help? Why should they be the ones who have to fight to protect the world? Don't they already have enough to deal with? Why should we get to sit around on our butts and be comfortable and say they should do the work and risk their lives? Goddess, Nanami, tell me you had higher hopes for me than *that* when you wished me alive again."

Nanami frowns. "It's not like that," she mumbles.

"Then what's it like?" she asks.

"Here's the question," proposes Kyouko. "Do you *really* want to help, or do you just wanna be special?"

"I really want to help," declares Sayaka.

"Then get your priorities straight, and act like it isn't going to kill you if you can't be a big hero," she says. "Service is selfless."

"I — okay, sure," she says, a little dismissively.

"Some people become teachers, because they want to help make the world a better place," Kyouko says. "Do all teach?"

"… no?"

"Some people become doctors to help people," continues Kyouko. "Do all have gifts of healing?"

"No, I mean —" says Sayaka.

"Then do all work miracles?" she demands. "Are all prophets?"

Sayaka just glowers at her.

"Then why would you think you absolutely have to be a soldier on the front lines of fighting off the supernatural, to make a difference in the world?" she asks. "There's like a billion other things which could do more."

"Fine," she says, though she doesn't give you the impression that it's really fine.

Well, you'll give your thing a try, then.

**> Attempt to scare Sayaka off of the idea of being a magical girl**

You ping Sayaka.

*What's up?* she asks, just a little shortly.

*Well,* you say. *It's about the conversation, and it's about something you said a little while ago*, \*and I don't want to share with the others.

Yeah?\* asks Sayaka.

\*"You're not from the future, you don't know that!" \*you quote. \*Well, Nanami isn't from the future, but Ryouko and I both are. You're in the history books, you know.

Oh, snap!\* she says, and you can see her eyes go a little wider. \*What did I do?

You died,\* you reply.

\*… that's it? \*she asks.

*That's it*, you say. \*I understand magic exhaustion is an excruciatingly unpleasant way to go, and, may I remind you that our supplies are limited.

That's… ah, jeez.

In your case, there's not a lot of specifics that are actually recorded, except that it made someone famous very sad, and they renamed the middle school after you, eventually. As a memorial.

That's nice, I guess, \*she says, \*but…

Yes,\* you say. \*I think we all have higher hopes than that. Nanami. Me. Your family. Your boyfriend. They'd all miss you.

I just … want to make a difference with my life,\* says Sayaka, visibly deflating. \*That much isn't wrong, is it?

Talk to me after the picnic,\* you tell her\*. I have some ideas about how you can do that, if you can be serious about things, and maybe be some help right now too.

… okay, \*she says.

***

Here is a small thing that is frustrating. You cannot send a message to Kyouko, either by text or telepathy. A trivial inconvenience, but… compared to Ryouko, she's so far away, even if she's physically closer. This physical-avatar business is weird in ways you didn't expect.

"I'm going to check on Madoka," you tell Kyouko, quietly, squeezing her hand. "Talk to her. Make sure she's okay. She still looks pretty down."

Kyouko nods.

***

"What's wrong?" asks Madoka.

"Are you okay?" you ask her.

"I'm okay," she affirms.

"Really okay?" you ask. "You're being very quiet."

"I'm just tired," she says. "There was a lot of running, and, well, I guess I didn't get a lot of sleep last night."

You consider that impossibility, and shake your head.

"That's no good, Madoka," you say. "I know you don't want to make trouble for others. It's really sweet that you care. And if you don't want to talk about it, that's okay too. But you shouldn't tell people you're okay, when you're not. You shouldn't think so little of yourself that you don't let yourself ask for the space you need. And you definitely shouldn't lie to yourself, to try and make the others happy."

She looks down at the ground.

"I'm not a very good liar, am I," she mumbles.

"Well," you say, "I'm not sure you get a lot of practice. I'm not sure you should try, either. But I think you're good at pretending things are okay when they're not."

She doesn't seem to know how to respond to that.

"Let me tell you a story," you say.

Madoka tentatively looks up from the ground, listening.

"Once upon a time," you begin, "there was a magical girl, the strongest ever, and she was fighting a terrible evil that wanted to destroy the universe. She sealed it away forever, in a place where it could never hurt anyone again. But to do that, she had to seal herself away too, and she couldn't go back, or the monster would get out too. Everyone forgot about her, and she was very lonely, because forever is a very long time. So she took her feelings, and put their magic into a perfectly ordinary ribbon. She gave it to someone who had been her friend, when her friend was lonely too, and looking for someone to understand. It's come a long long way since then, but even now, the magic wants to bring people together, to bring them hope and understanding, to unite their souls. It wants to connect people, and to bring them closer together. And when you cried out for someone to understand, it brought me here."

"Oh," says Madoka. "Really?"

You hesitate.

Well. It's the fairy tale version; that is to say, it omits all the dualism, complications, consequences. In the right context you could argue convincingly it's rather misleading — but honestly, dear, we're not writing an essay on metaphysics and religion, we're trying to comfort Madoka. I wouldn't steer you wrong here, Clarisse. What you said is true.

You nod to Madoka, affirming the truth.

"It thought that you needed help," you continue, "and showed me everything you were thinking as you were running away, and about Sayaka laughing at you, and bad boys on motorcycles, I understand. I felt what it was like. I know I don't understand everything, but, well, I know you were worried about explaining it."

"… oh," she says, and makes a face. "I'm sorry you had to see that," she says quietly.

"No," you say. "If anything, I'm the one who should apologize. I didn't exactly ask permission before looking. Didn't even have a chance to stop it."

Madoka shakes her head no.

"You must think I'm pretty messed up, though," she says.

"I think you're … a teenage girl," you say, "perfectly normal, and if anything, much nicer than most. None of what you were feeling makes you a bad person. Pretty much everyone has feelings like that growing up, and most people are a little confused and afraid, too. You shouldn't be ashamed of it. And I think if you told your mom and dad, they'd smile, because it means their little girl is growing up."

"… really?" asks Madoka, hesitant to believe.

"Yes," you say. "I really think so. Though, they'd warn you to look after your heart, too, because it's really hard to find a bad boy with a good heart. Very risky business. They wouldn't want you to get hurt."

Madoka dares to smile a little.

"Thanks," she says. "And… thanks for looking out for me, too."

You smile. "You're sure I'm not too much of a bad influence?" you ask.

Madoka tilts her head to the side.

"Clarisse, you're not … flirting with me, are you?" asks Madoka, tentatively.

"No," you say. "That wouldn't be right. It would be taking advantage."

"Okay," says Madoka, sounding just a little relieved. "Anyway, you're not bad, you're just… mmm… Mom would say you're *trouble*. Like Sayaka," she offers.

"Oh, really," you say.

"Anyway, it's not like that's the only thing, I guess," she says, "or the most important thing, but… yeah."

She looks off into the distance for a moment, before sighing.

"What's wrong?" you ask.

"… I still need to figure out what to do about Homura," she says.

"Oh?" you say. "Now, that's something that I didn't quite see. What do you mean?"

"I mean that I need be a lot better about taking my own advice, and be really careful," she says, "because if I don't, I could break her heart, without really meaning to."

You spend a moment pondering that.

Akemi Homura.

Five hundred years of devotion to her goddess.

*She won't let me die,* speaks a memory of a pained Akemi-san.

"Yes," you say, numbly. "You should be very careful."

She nods. "But I don't want to be mean to her, either." She sighs. "I'll think of something to say."

You nod.

She brightens. "Maybe I'll talk to Mom."

"We should get back," you say, "before people start thinking we're back here to practice more kissing."

"Haha," laughs Madoka. "Yeah, Sayaka might pretend to be jealous, wouldn't she?"

***

Mami-chan has been wondering what people thought they should do with Oriko.

"Should we wait for Clarisse to talk about this?" asks Nanami.

Ryouko shakes her head. "She can read my memories, and catch up when she gets back."

"Oh," says Nanami. "Well then. Oriko."

"Oriko's… weird," says Ryouko. "She does things to save humanity from certain doom, but she also murders people and enjoys it. If we're lucky, she's at least doing both at the same time. So I don't even know if we should try to kill her."

"Well, damn," says Wakaba. "We go straight to killing?"

"… You'd kill people?" asks Sayaka.

"Yes," says Ryouko. "Actually, well, usually I just kill aliens, but… sometimes it's people, too. Not often."

"That's … kind of scary," says Yuuka.

"Well, it's the military," explains Ryouko.

Ryouko only half-notices, but most of the group is regarding her slightly differently.

"Mami-chan wouldn't mind killing if it's Oriko," states Mami, with a grumpy look on her face.

"I have a plan," says Homura.

"Oh?" asks Nanami.

"Oriko tells the future," she says, reaching into her bag, "so I thought, maybe we could level the playing field, if we could tell the future too." She holds up a book titled *The Book of Changes.*

"… What?" asks Wakaba.

"It's Chinese," she explains. "It's for telling the future." She has three coins.

"Does that actually work?" asks Wakaba.

"It's eerily accurate," declares Homura.

"Like, is it magical girl magic?" asks Wakaba, skeptically.

Homura ignores the skepticism. "I'm asking if we can trust Oriko."

"What happened to Oriko in your timeline, anyway?" Nanami asks Ryouko.

Ryouko thinks about what to say about that.

"There was a magical girl who said just the right thing to just the right person at just the right time," she decides, unsure exactly how much to say about the matter.

"That's like, uselessly abstract," says Wakaba.

"It's hard to explain," says Ryouko, "and, well, it's nothing we can really use anyway."

"Hexagram Eighteen," says Homura, reading from the book. "Ku. Mountain over wind. Repairing what has been spoiled."

"Here," says Nanami, spotting your return with Madoka, "we can ask Clarisse about Oriko."

"Give me just half a moment to get settled, and catch up with what happened," you say, plopping back down on the blanket to catch up with the conversation.

*How did it go?* asks Ryouko. *Madoka looks better.*

How did it go? Well, you …

You sort of conjured a story about the ribbon from thin air, didn't you? And believed every word of it, and now you don't know where it came from, or why, and definitely wasn't what you planned to say…

… and you feel really, really bad for Akemi Homura.

*Oh, by the stars,* you reply. *It's complicated. I think the ribbon did something odd.*

Ryouko considers a moment\*.

Okay, I'm not sure if it's worth worrying about, but the way you phrased that was weird.

How's this now?\* you enquire, turning your attention towards her thoughts on the matter.

*I guess you're just looking for something to say besides "goddess," *explains Ryouko*, because of Hitomi? But, "by the stars" isn't your usual word choice, I don't think.*

You quickly query your internal transcripts. Yes … Stars. Heavens. "To Jupiter with this nonsense." This … this is a little alarming, yes. But actually, you were using these before you were carrying the ribbon yourself. The first time you used *stars* in this context was

in Simona's time window

and it's not like there's any possible breakdown of the barriers of time and space happening *there* ...

*No*, you reply to Ryouko, *I was **not** looking for something else to say. I believe this is very much a behavioral change which I had not yet previously noticed, coming from outside of my current self, possibly from the same place that your thoughts about Simona were from.*

It is now Ryouko's turn to be alarmed over the ribbon.

\*Really? *she asks.* Are you okay?

I'm ... not sure I'm sure, \*you say.

***

\> be assured, Clarisse, I would never use the ribbon to harm you

Make plans for the ribbon:
\[] embrace the idea of carrying the ribbon
-\[] actively attempt to explore the rabbit hole when possible
\[] just hold onto the ribbon for now
-\[] put it in a safe at home later
\[] throw the ribbon on the ground and run away screaming

The interpretive text for Hexagram 18 ䷑ can be found online from a variety of sources.
\[] consult the I Ching with Homura
\[] talk Homura out of this superstitious nonsense

If you're not distracted by running away from the ribbon and screaming, you should probably
\[] plan for Oriko
-\[] Assume Oriko knows everything. Maybe just call her and ask what's up.
-\[] Plan for the case that she's still blindsided.
\--\[] Raid her base in time-stop, if Homura's okay with it.
\--\[] Ambush her at the train station tomorrrow.
-\[] Hedge your bets with the meeting at the train station. Have teleporter backup ready.
