# waiting for a flight

Ultra thin voting turnout. It appears that Clarisse is experiencing indecision.

\[2] Trust the ribbon
\[2] Listen, but trust it as little as you trust Simona

It's probably best not to make any big decisions about trust like this, especially while potentially under the magical influence of the entity that you'd decide to trust.

**\[3] Tell Ryouko about what the ribbon did**

The ribbon didn't quite seem to be *talking* to you, but you're not quite sure what to call what it *did*.

You try to explain to Ryouko. \*I told Madoka a story about the goddess and the ribbon. It was just there in my head, like a deep and fundamental truth about the universe. And when I doubted it for a moment, I got an explanation.

Yes,\* says Ryouko\*, it was like that earlier, too. Maybe not quite so deep, but, I just knew somehow there was… unfinished business, and that I could help, and make it better. You don't trust it?

Well, *you say*, consider. One the best-case scenarios is that it's still controlled by the goddess somehow. You see the potential issues there, given the current disposition of said goddess?

I suppose\*, she says.

*And what if someone else has the other ribbon? Imagine that, say, Simona can put things in our heads as fundamental truth. What do you suppose would happen? Or, Oriko claims to have ribbons. What would she do?*

Ryouko is skeptical. *If the ribbon is that serious about changing how you think, why doesn't it just install the idea that it can be trusted?*

The ribbon, for its part, is quiescent.

\*There are lots of ways for it to be dangerous, *you say*. We don't know enough about how it works.

I suppose not\*, admits Ryouko.

\[1] Listen to the ribbon for clues (about Oriko)

The ribbon has no opinions on Oriko to share with you. Of course, if it's simply a question of unfinished business, might I suggest that you think about what you intend to do with that old hair-pin? *Especially* since you seemed to be wearing it in the future. If that's inevitable, it might be better to approach it on your terms, rather than on the ribbon's terms... or for that matter, Shizuki Tomoyo's.

**\[3] talk Homura out of the oracle business
-\[3] ask her for info on the future and Oriko instead**

"I don't think this oracle business works," you tell Homura. "Even the Far Seers don't really place much trust in the I Ching, and they're the experts."

"Oh," she says, disappointed.

"But," you point out, "you're from the future. That's much more informative than an oracle. What do you remember about it, and about Oriko?"

"I don't know anything about Oriko," she says, shaking her head. "I didn't meet her in the future."

"Not at all?" you ask.

She shakes her head. "Mami-senpai didn't say anything about her either. We were just worried about Walpurgisnacht."

"Walpurgisnacht?" asks Mami, alarmed.

"Right, that thing," says Nanami. "What is it exactly?"

"It means *bad news*," says Mami.

"Walpurgisnacht is a gigantic witch," says Homura. "She doesn't need a labyrinth. Just hangs in the sky from a gear wheel, upside down, and laughs at everything, until she unleashes a disaster."

"And you say it's coming here?" asks Mami. "We'll need to stop it somehow."

"Let's get to that in a moment," you propose. "It may be more important in the end, but the Oriko situation will inform how we approach it."

You relate the details of your phone call with Chitose Yuma.

***

"One part that sticks with me," you say, "is about putting an end to all witches. That sort of grand purpose just seems very… \*her. \*Not that cold-blooded murder is any *less* her, mind you."

"So how do we approach her?" asks Ryouko. "Do we send Homura over in the morning, by herself, and pretend to go along with whatever she has planned until we find out what it is?" She turns to Homura. "Would you even be willing to do that?"

"I … well, I'd be a little afraid," says Homura, glancing over to Madoka for just half a moment. "But I won't let that stop me."

Nanami shakes her head.

"It sounds like an ambush," she says. "Get the most powerful girl on the team alone by herself. Take her out."

"Do you think she even realizes that there's a team?" asks Wakaba.

"Either way," says Ryouko, "we could easily teleport in, anyway, if anything happens."

"What if Oriko sees that's going to happen, then?" you ask. "It somewhat ruins the game of pretending."

"Ehh…. It's not like that," says Kyouko. "She doesn't just check and re-check the future a dozen times. There's some sort of self-interaction whozits that can throw things off. It's why she likes sending notes."

"That would explain some things on the call, then," says Ryouko. "And it means this might just work." She's starting to like the idea more and more.

You frown.

"Even if that's the case, I'm not sure I like the idea of Homura there by herself," you say. "Without technology to watch from a safe distance, we have to rely on her proactively sending us a message. And if she goes with another magical girl, then the ruse gives itself away."

"Why don't you go, then?" asks Kyouko. "Nanami and Mami can keep an eye on what's happening."

You cringe. Would it be safe to have Ryouko within 1km? Surely not…

"Yes," says Mami, clapping her hands, "and when we know exactly where she is, we can take her out once and for all."

***

You take this moment to ping Machina.

*You know, your insight might be useful right now,* you tell her. \*Should we introduce you to the group?

You're doing quite well with your analysis,\* says Machina.

*I really have no idea what to recommend here,* you insist, sending electronic frowns. \*Besides, I thought you were going to try and work on not hiding. You said that the Goddess said so.

Yes, well, the goddess can start giving me advice again when we're not in a world with witches, \*declares Machina.

*I don't mean it that way,* you say. *I'm just worried about you. You are liable to be terribly lonely.*

She doesn't answer that.

***

"No," concludes Ryouko, "no ambushes. We need to be willing to give her a chance."

"It's not worth our time," says Mami, shaking her head. "She's just an evil person. And Kirika is evil too."

"A question," you say. "Is it just her and Kirika, or does she have any other friends?"

"The two of them are bad enough," says Mami.

"Quiet," says Kyouko, suddenly.

She looks around.

"Don't be alarmed, everyone," says an unwelcome voice, approaching the group. "It's only me."

"Kyuubey?" asks Mami.

The furry rat-squirrel strolls onto the picnic blanket, and climbing up on the top of the picnic basket.

You resist the urge to do something about him, and conduct some quick checks. Kyuubey is still blurry, and a quick message to Madoka and Hitomi informs you that neither of them can see him, so you send them an augmented-reality overlay.

"Hello again, everyone," says Kyuubey. "And greetings to Sayaka. I believe this is our first time meeting!"

"Um, greetings," says Sayaka, a little awkwardly. "Should we like shake hands, or something?"

"If you'd like," he says.

"Oh, wow, you're soft," says Sayaka.

This might be very cute if you didn't think so many nefarious things about the incubator.

"What brings you here today?" you ask.

"Unfortunately, I have some bad news," declares Kyuubey. "I'm sorry that I wasn't able to warn you sooner, but it appears that the witch Walpurgisnacht is coming to Mitakihara. It's terribly inauspicious, especially considering everything else which has been happening."

"Everything else?" asks Nanami. "What do you mean by that?"

"Have you told the others about what I shared with you last night?" Kyuubey asks, turning to Ryouko.

Ryouko shakes her head. "We hadn't gotten to that just yet."

"Very well then," says Kyuubey, and delivers a speech. "Oriko is in possession of several stolen Incubator artifacts, built as a super-weapon against witches. Normally, one or two magical girls can take down a witch, but Walpurgisnacht is an exception. No one has been able to beat her for centuries. Only a few even dared to try."

You frown. Kyuubey is making a lot of sense, and something tells you this might be a bad sign.

"Well," says Nanami, "if this big witch is coming, and she has the weapon to fight it… isn't that good?"

Kyuubey shakes his head.

"These devices, these *grief cubes*, are supposed to be a last resort," he says. "They're similar to some of your human weapons of mass destruction. It's not a very clean kill, and there are unfortunate side effects. They disrupt the grief ecosystem, reducing our anti-entropy yields. And a witch that is infected is much more dangerous while it lives, generating dangerous emotional radiation; even magical girls aren't always immune. In the case of a powerful, violent witch like Walpurgisnacht, the collateral damage could be incalculable."

Homura swallows.

"Oof," says Nanami. "How bad can it be?"

"It's very hard to say," says Kyuubey. "which is one of the reasons we never used them. I doubt it would be an extinction-level event, but I couldn't be confident that anyone in Japan would survive."

"Say WHAT?" asks Sayaka.

Yuuka cringes.

"That's ... a little extreme," says Wakaba, nervously.

"I agree," says Kyuubey. "It would be a terrible waste; that's one reason I'm concerned. It also seems that her visit may be a major temporal inflection point, judging by the number of time travelers that it has attracted. And there are also certain coincidences that have me worried as well, *Clarisse*."

Wait, you?

"… coincidences?" you say.

"Yes," he says. "They're often a side effect of magic. One can't be too careful."

Whatever could he be talking about? Is he trying to get a reaction from you?

You shake your head.

"Can you tell us anything else about Oriko?" you ask, trying to at least get some useful information out of him.

"I'm afraid there's not much," he says. "I just tried speaking with her before I came here, but she wouldn't even acknowledge my presence, except to push me away from her."

"Any idea what she's up to right now?" you ask.

"As of five minutes ago," says Kyuubey, "she was waiting for a flight at Charles de Gaulle airport, in Paris, with her friend Simona."

…

"She's *what?*" you ask.

This was … not where you expected her to be at all. *Paris?*

"The pair had just arrived on a flight from Madrid when I got word of her," continues Kyuubey. "Unfortunately, I couldn't trace them back any further than that, nor could I tell whether she had any of the cubes with her. But unless it's some sort of a ruse, I expect them back in town tomorrow morning."

You're not quite sure how to react to this. It's rather convenient that she's gone, but why would she be traveling with Simona? Did she stop by in America?

"In any event," continues Kyuubey, "if you manage to locate any grief cubes, Clarisse, it's important that we take action to contain them. Have Ryouko call out for me with telepathy."

He keeps saying your name. Is there some big coincidence around the name Clarisse? The other Clarisse is, of course, von Rossum, who might actually still be around. You pull up a copy of her magical girl profile, to skim through it methodically, just in case there's any clue about what Kyuubey might be getting at.

Oh.

Right there near the top, it lists her symbol: a cog. And you were just hearing about an ancient witch of incredible power, hanging in the sky beneath an enormous gear.

Kyuubey is quite right; this is indeed a very distressing coincidence.

***

**> rejoice in thy bounty of grief cubes, Clarisse!**

\[] Turn over all your grief cubes
\[] Turn over the supercharged grief cubes only
\[x] Turn over used grief cubes
-\[x] and additional ones as the team uses them
\--\[] make some investments in the team, to use them up faster
\[] Grief cubes? What grief cubes?
\[] Spread demons proactively far and wide

Thoughts on Oriko yet, anybody?
\[] Attempt to reach Oriko on her cell phone
-\[] Ask for Simona
\--\[] (write in question for Simona)
\[] Propose a time-stop raid on Oriko's house
-\[] Burn Oriko's house to the ground
\[x] Let Homura meet Oriko at the station
-\[x] Leave Ryouko >1km away, and accompany Homura.
-\[] Work with Mami to ambush Oriko

On the agenda for Soon™:

**> Figure out a place for Kyouko to stay.**
