# Have you considered the possibility that she no longer exists?

\[5] Ask QB questions
-\[5] Ask for more details on this magical radiation. Strength, effects, range.

"I'd like to hear about this emotional radiation," you say. "What does it actually do? How strong is it?"

"The effect depends on the witch, of course," he says. "But most witches don't care so much that they spend their energy hunting indiscriminately. Only a few, such as Walpurgisnacht, will do that. The rest simply look for those close to despair already, and most people are not affected by their influence. A witch that is under attack, on the other hand, may sacrifice parts of its essence to radiate intense emotion. The specific patterns will vary wildly, but may cover several square kilometers, easily, even if the witch is not a powerful one. And the uncontained emotional energy can affect people in dangerous ways even when the witch is gone."

Nanami frowns, and nods. "We *may* have seen something like that."

"Did you find the witch involved?" he asks, flicking his tail about. "Did you locate any grief cubes?"

**\[5] Turn over used grief cubes
\[5] Turn over the supercharged grief cubes
-\[5] and additional ones as the team uses them**

With your approval, Ryouko delivers the used and the overcharged grief cubes to the waiting creature, advancing the overcharged ones especially.

"We think Oriko did something to these," she says.

Kyuubey looks down at the cubes, and twitches his tail a few moments.

"You have others," notes Kyuubey. "I would be surprised if you had less than thirty."

-\[5] Mention that since they recharge your magic, and QB's request requires extra effort, you think it would be best to use them as needed.

"Since you'd like us to go up against Oriko," you say, "we thought that it would make more sense if we kept them. It's a lot of risk that we'd be taking, and since they recharge our magic, having them would greatly assist us fighting against her."

"Yes, I see," says Kyuubey, thoughtfully. "Is there anything else that might help?"

Hmm. If he's not going to ask any further about their return just yet...

-\[5] Ask about MGs in Mitakihara or its immediate surroundings, and their exact locations
-\[5] Ask whether there are other time travelers around

"If you could," you add, "we'd also like to know about any other magical girls in or around Mitakihara, whether they are associating with Oriko or not, and where they are. Also, any other magical girls who might have been involved with time travel, anywhere in the world; we'd like to be put in contact with them."

Kyuubey nods, and, reaching for the cubes with his ears, tosses them on a high, sharp arc into the air, and into the opening on his back, consuming them.

He swallows.

"Well?"

Kyuubey closes his eyes, and shakes his head.

"This is really bad, Clarisse," he opines. "The ones Ryouko pointed out are clearly overloaded. They will produce particularly virulent demons at an accelerated rate, for several generations. The infestation will be very hard to contain. If Oriko knows how to do this, it's likely she's trying to spread them around the world."

"I'd agree," you say, "that does seem the likely reason for her absence."

"Which brings me to a question," he states. "Did you girls work that out as well, or are you simply working with her?"

"What??" asks Ryouko. "She tried to assassinate me!"

"This may be," he says, "but you do not seem substantially harmed by the experience."

Mami frowns. "If we're working with Oriko, I'm out," she declares.

"Why would we be working with her, though?" demands Ryouko.

"Your friend Simona is working with her," asks Kyuubey. "And why else would both of you be here?"

"I'm here," says Ryouko, angrily, "because Simona dragged me along, and when I find her, my only business with her is to ask her who she thinks she is, and what in heavens' name she's done with my girlfriend Asami."

"Asami?" asks Kyuubey.

"Yes," says Ryouko, glaring at Kyuubey. "Asami. Magical girl. Gravity powers. She looks very much like a magical girl you once contracted named Yukari-san. Now, tell me, *Incubator*. Do you know. Where she is."

Kyuubey tilts his head to the side a bit.

"I think I understand," he says. "More importantly, you have convinced me of your bona fides. Will you allow me just a very short explanation before I answer that query, Ryouko?"

Ryouko crosses her arms, and glares. "Make it count, fuzzball."

"There is a regrettable deficit of trust between the two of us," says Kyuubey, "and with Clarisse, it is even worse. I believe I now understand some of the reasons why. You do not merely come from the future of this universe, but from an alternate timeline in which grief cubes are pervasive, and demons must be far more common than witches."

Ryouko stares at Kyuubey.

"A grief cube does contain very basic tracking data, Ryouko," he says. "That includes a generation counter."

"Is that so," states Ryouko, doing her best to sound unimpressed.

You wince. If magical girls have been around for ten thousand years, a simple generation counter would make that fairly obvious.

"But it's okay, Ryouko, I understand," says Kyuubey. "Suddenly hearing about grief cubes referred to as *weapons* with no further context must have seemed quite suspicious. It would even begin to explain your computer's irrational reaction to me last night, as well. Don't worry, there's no need to apologize. Allow me to do what I can to repair our relations. I do not wish any of you harm." He flicks his tail.

Mami looks at you funny. "What happened last night?"

"We may have fought," you admit.

But before you can say more, Kyuubey interrupts with an explanation.

"To answer your inquiries: The only magical girls in the city right now that I am aware of are yourselves, Kire Kirika, and Chitose Yuma, who are both presently in Oriko's place of residence, as is their custom. There are two more who have worked with Oriko in the past, but whose locations I am not aware of: Hinata Aina, and Miroko Mikuru. I cannot be fully confident that they are absent, but I would not be surprised to learn that they are also traveling the world, like Oriko, and distributing overloaded grief cubes. I will keep you informed as I learn more about their whereabouts. While I may not find you immediately, I will strive to be prompt. In a similar vein, I am not presently aware of any time travelers, besides yourselves and Simona, and in particular, I have not seen any sign of your missing girlfriend. Have you considered the possibility that she no longer exists?"

"The possibility that **WHAT**?" asks Ryouko, alarmed. She hadn't considered at all.

"While it's not uncommon, there is not any particular reason that an arbitrary person must exist in more than one timeline. Even if she did, there is certainly no reason she must exist in this century. Perhaps Simona brought you here to be rid of her."

"… No," says Ryouko, curling her fingers and placing her hands over her mouth. "No. She… she couldn't have."

"Ryouko," says Kyuubey, "Are you familiar with a Christian prayer, the sign of the cross? If you are not, I am sure that Sakura Kyouko can explain it."

"What?" asks Ryouko. "I've heard of — what does that have to do with anything?"

"Shizuki Simona begins and ends her prayers with a similar gesture, but instead of a cross, she uses a star. I now believe this is in reference to your soul gem. Moreover, she keeps company with Oriko and Kirika. She has crossed that line. It isn't even close."

"… merciful jesus," says Kyouko. "I didn't realize that's what she was doing." She frowns. "Hey, were you spying on us?"

"No, no," says Kyuubey. "This was just now, at the airport."

"But…" says Ryouko, eyes going wide, her heart sinking. "But…"

Her emotional state is going from bad to worse, and it's affecting her soul gem. She is starting to crash.

You won't allow it.

The emotional suppression hits Ryouko like a sack of dirt.

You are thankful for having a body right now. You will be able to comfort Ryouko internally *and* externally.

"In the worst case," you assure Ryouko, "we'll find Asami when we get back to our future."

"We can't be confident that's possible," notes Ryouko, distantly.

"Yes, well, we're not confident it's *impossible,*" you declare, "and we are on the side of Hope. We haven't even seen Simona since the incident. We should at least make her explain herself, before we give up."

Ryouko nods, slowly.

"Yes," she says. "That would be… good. And she's on the way. We'll meet her soon. There's no reason to panic. Not yet, anyway."

You nod, relaxing the suppression.

"And if she doesn't answer to your satisfaction," you add, squeezing her hand, "I'll beat her up myself."

Ryouko allows herself a wan smile, but even with part of a grief cube, she is still out of sorts from the backlash. She kind of just wants to go home. The whole social-event atmosphere isn't helping much, either.

"I need to conduct some investigations," says Kyuubey. "You are welcome to keep the rest of the grief cubes, in the meantime; I don't think it will make much difference either way right now, given Oriko's likely plans."

"… What does that mean for Walpurgisnacht?" asks Nanami.

"I don't know yet," he replies. "But I will be in touch. Stay safe. Be careful around Oriko and her friends."

"Thank you, Kyuubey," says Mami, nodding. "We will."

He nuzzles up against her, before bounding off.

Sayaka watches him run off, then lets out a deep breath.

"… That was really cool," says Sayaka, "and also kind of scary. You guys are intense!"

Madoka nods in agreement.

***

You try to go through your outstanding business for a moment, while Ryouko recovers. Sometimes it's been better for her to just see the world moving on, as a reminder that the world *does* move on.

\[4] Look through Internet for:
-\[4] Anything unusual in Paris or Madrid

According to the Internet, someone has used an axe to attack several people in an office building in the suburbs of Madrid. Afterwards, he hijacked a car, and drove it into a crowd of pedestrians. The suspect is in custody, and they are comparing it with a couple of earlier bombings, one in 2004 on Madrid commuter trains and one in Majorca in 2009, both of which were the work of Basque separatist groups; they are not certain this is the motive in the latest incident. For a moment you're almost not sure how to calibrate your expectations of violence in this era, but the timing and the location is certainly dangerously coincidental.

-\[4] Any mention of Oriko's other crew members

The Internet contains critical coverage of Ramon del Mago's choreography, and mentions Oriko's father being prosecuted in an anti-corruption campaign. The rest appear to be keeping a low profile.

\[4] Discuss implanting Homura and Kyouko

\*I can definitely make it happen, \*Nanami indicates, \*but if we go the naïve route, we use up all of our cubes at once.

I see, \*you say. \*That might even be an option; it's sufficiently world-changing. But until we're in a more stable situation, we can't spend like that.

Well, give me an hour or two to see if I can think of anything clever, \*says Nanami.

\*Grief costs aside, \*you ask, \*do you think this would be at all feasible to accomplish and be done with overnight? Before Oriko returns to town, specifically.

… No,\* says Nanami, frowning. *We need to collect and refine raw materials, synthesize feedstocks, and then we'd need time to grow the nanites properly.*

(from a ways back)

**> distribute grief cubes**

You distribute the haul of grief cubes, settling on a dozen for each girl as an appropriate trade-off. You had intended more, but since it's really important to keep an eye on them at all times, it's also better if that's convenient.

Nanami points out that Ryouko can teleport to help anyone who is low, and also has the best chance of escaping anyone ambushing her for the cubes. Mami reminds people that even when you have plenty, it's very important not to waste magic, or you end up not having plenty anymore.

***

And, now you are torn.

Ryouko's situation isn't looking much better. The worst of the backlash is over, but she's still a little numb. Even Amy, who has approached her with a gentle *meow,* and other affectionate nuzzling, doesn't seem to be cheering her up that much.

You could continue to plan from home, but you can't chat with Homura and Kyouko remotely.

In the case of Homura, this is inconvenient. In the case of Kyouko…

Well, in the case of Kyouko, it's not just the inconvenience that bothers you. It's just the feeling that she's so much more distant than other people, that she's out of reach, that a manner of communication *more natural to you than human speech* is something that the two of you cannot use.

This tears at your heart just a little.

Also, you'd really, really prefer to tell her about that magic connection privately.

*Huh?* asks Kyouko. *What's this about a magic connection?*

You blink, and turn to look at Kyouko.

*Is this the connection?* asks Kyouko. \*Seems weird. What's the idea, anyway?

… Kyouko,\* you say, slowly and deliberately, \*this is a governance protocol.

Really?\* she responds. \*How's that work?

Kyouko,\* you say, using her name again, \*when last I was looking, about sixty seconds ago, you didn't possess the physical equipment necessary to access governance protocols.

Well, if this isn't the connection, then what is?\* asks Kyouko.

You take a deep breath.

\*Next to your illusion magic, \*you explain, *there's another magic, tied to another feeling. I think it is about making physical changes, things that are more real than the illusion magic. For reasons I cannot quite fathom, it is somehow connected to me and to my awareness, like a thin wisp of thread.*

The ribbon might be involved, but even if it is, it's clearly more than just that.

*See now,* says Kyouko, \*I was just looking at you and Ryouko, and it looked like you might be thinking of getting outta here, and, well… I was kind of thinking it would be nice if that didn't have to be the end of the conversation, is all. Besides, we have all these things to plan together.

So just like that, you enchanted yourself with governance implants??\* you ask, astonished.

*… Did I?* asks Kyouko. *I'm not sure I really know how\...*

Did she?

Did *you?*

Maybe it was both of you?

*Hold on a moment,* says Kyouko, and drains about half a grief cube of magic.
\*
You're not quite sure what to make of this.

This is kind of cool, actually,\* she says. *Vision's a lot sharper. You know, I think I like this future-stuff, future-girl.*

***

**> your relationships are fun, Clarisse**

I've talked with [@tapkomet](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/24370/) a little more, and we're going to experiment with the Task Based voting! I think it will work better if we start out by doing it instead of adding it halfway through, and if not, it should at least be harmless this way.

\[] \[Ryouko] Return home, to allow Ryouko some time to recover.
-\[] Keep planning remotely.
-\[] Text Sayaka for follow-up.
\[] \[Ryouko] Keep Ryouko occupied with Asami-specific planning.
\[] \[Ryouko] Ask Ryouko to hold out for a little longer.
\[] \[Ryouko] Let Ryouko head home by herself (!!)

Assume all Oriko planning will consult Mami, Machina, and Kyouko's understanding of her and her team's capabilities.

\[] \[Oriko] Plot a small-group timestop raid on Oriko's house
-\[] Ryouko should do it, to keep her busy
-\[] Kyouko should do it, she knows the lay of the land
\[] \[Oriko] Send Amy to watch the house
-\[] Timestop raid if Kirika leaves
-\[] Send Kyouko-onee-chan to visit Yuma if Kirika leaves.
\[] \[Oriko] Send Kyouko to visit, openly.
-\[] Accompany her; make up some excuse.
\[] \[Oriko] Play it safe. Avoid Oriko's house entirely.

\[] \[Asami] Focus on investigating Oriko's house as the likeliest source of Asami clues.
\[] \[Asami] Conduct a very wide area broadcast from a good antenna.
(This will take an hour or two to set up, but should be able to reach most of Japan's population.)
\[] \[Asami] Search the city on foot.
-\[] Hunt witches opportunistically.

Hmm. We said Kyouko's housing was pretty important, earlier.
Possibly more so if we find Momo.
\[] \[Housing] Bring Kyouko over for dinner, ask Papa to find a place for her to stay
\[] \[Housing] Solicit volunteers with a spare couch to host Kyouko
\[] \[Housing] Propose Kyouko stay with Mami, to make sure the apartment's safe
\[] \[Housing] Propose Kyouko to guard Homura, as the most valuable and vulnerable team member
\[] \[Housing] Defer this matter until another time, as Kyouko's sleep needs may be reduced

\[x] \[Kyouko] Do an assessment of Kyouko's technology
-\[] (write in any important questions that might need follow-up)
\[] \[Kyouko] Get her to enchant Homura too, if Homura doesn't object.
\[] \[Kyouko] Engage in the frivolous use of magic together. Except for science, of course.

We should find ourselves planning Oriko interception specifics either after raiding her house, or nextdoot if we don't.
