# If I had to guess, they recognized Amy

\*> \***\[Kyouko] Do an assessment of Kyouko's technology**

*Stop,* you say. *Don't think anything, don't touch anything, don't search for anything, don't change any settings at all until I can look at this.*

Whoa, okay, okay, says Kyouko. What's the big deal?

Casual inspection reveals that Kyouko is running a bare-bones set of magical girl implants, much as Ryouko is, but without a tactical computer.

I say "casual inspection." This is because you have access to literally everything without any need to ask approval. You could do anything you wanted here without her noticing. You could browse her memories, flood her brain with endorphins. You could even lock Kyouko out of everything, something which she could not do to you in return.

… Clarisse, if this level of access is something that distresses you, I should hate to see what happens when we move beyond "complicated together" into full-blown *oaths* sworn on Ryouko's soul gem.

Now, don't blame *me*, either. Please. I'm on your side here.

… No, dear, putting the ribbon in orbit is a terrible idea. Really. It's much less safe there than you imagine, and it would be hard for you to get to if you needed it… Well, yes, okay, a safe *might* help, but even then. You need to be *doubly* extra careful with people around you and with their feelings, and I don't see any way around that either way.

In that vein of caution, perhaps, the first thing you will do with your access to Kyouko is set it aside. This is no doubt for the best, and you are getting quite good at this sort of thing. We shall call you Clarisse the Abnegator. You'll find out about it later; it will be fun.

*Kyouko,* you say,\* I would like to do a walkthrough with you on the topic of information security frameworks.

What? *she says.* That's a little random…

Not at all, *you tell her, directing her attention.* This is your information security framework. Yours. Not mine. See?\*

You toggle permissions one by one. *This belongs to you,* you tell her.\* And this. And this. And this. If I need access I can ask. You can approve. This is also you. And here. See? I do not need permissions to adjust your neurotransmitters. I do not need permissions to regulate your glands. This is not how we start a healthy relationship, you say.

Whoa, *says Kyouko*. I'm sorry, I didn't realize.\*

She didn't realize that you were this close to Ryouko, that you could read all her thoughts and manipulate her brain, and a mild jealousy of that closeness was key to how she imagined things just a moment ago. Now she's a little weirded out. It was, to some extent, just a passing thought.

\*And with respect, \*you add, \*I do not need the access to read your thoughts as they go through your head, either. \*You switch that off as well. *But yes, I can do all of that to Ryouko. It's much worse, actually. I *am* her information security framework. I don't even have the option to turn most of these things off.*

Kyouko is disturbed. *That's … kind of messed up,* she opines, tentatively.

*Please,* you implore her,\* let's both work hard to have a relationship that ****isn't**** an ethics nightmare, or otherwise fueled by freakish, corrupted witch-magic.\*

Kyouko replies with a wordless affirmation.

*Now, this set of permissions for onboard encyclopedia and literature. There are secrets from the future about people who exist today and I am trying hard not to endanger them. This is literally the only part that I'm not giving you unfettered access to everything. You can ask the Paradox Committee for approval to view future secrets. That's going to be Machina, Ryouko, myself, and Nanami. If anything happens to all three of us, well, at least you'll have some very exciting things to read about.*

You switch over the primary access.

*Now,* you say, *let me do a demonstration of how access is supposed to work.*

You draft a request for a short memory of Sakura Momo, so you know what she looks like. "This could really be helpful for finding her," you write in the notes.

Kyouko smiles. *Okay.*

It's a pretty sweet memory.

Momo, wearing a nightgown, peeks out from behind a door.

"Good night, Kyouko-nee-chan," she says. "I'm sorry if I did anything mean to you today."

"It's okay," says Kyouko. "I forgive you."

She beams. She is actually kind of heart-meltingly cute. You just want to give her a hug.

You close your eyes, take a deep breath, and squeeze Kyouko's hand.

\>> Try to arrange some implants for Homura

\*Now, do you think you could do it again? \*you ask. \*Without the permissions bug. For Homura.

I don't know how I did it in the first place!\* she objects.

*Try,* you implore her.

*I am trying, *she says*.*

***

"So then," asks Nanami. "What are we going to do about an evil witch, who is going to wipe out *all of Japan?*"

"That's a very good question," you admit. "I don't believe we know enough to answer it."

"Okay!" says Nanami. "How exciting. How do we remedy this?"

"First, confront Oriko," you say. "See what she has to say for herself. Ask her why she's dealing with the grief cubes, what she intends to do about Walpurgisnacht, and afterwards."

Mami objects. "You can't possibly expect she'll help!"

Ryouko decides that she's heard Mami say this one time too many.

"Okay, listen, Mami-chan," she says, harshly. "We are literally talking about *the entire population of Japan* being at risk. If you would like to take all those lives into your own hands, and tell us what we should do instead, I would be ever so pleased. Otherwise, you should see that you remain seen and not heard."

Your jaw drops.

"What?" asks Ryouko. "Oh come on, you were thinking it too."

Hitomi glances back at Madoka, who looks distraught at this conflict, then clears her throat.

Suddenly, she has everyone's attention.

"Ryouko," says Hitomi, gently, "if this is so important, we ought to be taking pains not to antagonize anyone who might be able to help us."

Ryouko blinks a few times.

"Uhm," she says, as her cheeks flush with shame. "Uh, I'm… terribly sorry. Again."

"I imagine you must be quite worried, given what Kyuubey said about your friend," says Hitomi, "but you mustn't let it get to you."

Ryouko nods, chastened.

"And Mami?" she adds. "If we're busy fighting each other, that's just what Oriko wants. Can you explain your point of view, instead?"

Mami sighs.

"Oriko is dangerous," she says. "Her team fights dirty. Her idea of a distraction is putting a grief seed that's about to hatch in the playground at a pre-school. She can use her magic to predict what you're going to do, and she plays tricks with your mind. You know how Kyuubey said there aren't any other magical girls in town? She's the reason why. She turns friends against each other. She plots, and she schemes, and she lies, and she kills."

"Well," says Hitomi. "I can see why you're worried. Clarisse, what did you have in mind?"

You take another deep breath.

"We should confront Oriko and Simona," you say. "If she is heading to the airport from Madrid, before returning to Mitakihara, we can look up her flight, and meet her there, catching her off guard. We can set up an ambush some distance away, ready to teleport in. I should go in as the spotter. I'm not magical, so she won't detect me, and my body is the most disposable of any present here. If she answers our questions to our satisfaction, we can negotiate further. Otherwise, we fight, and if necessary, we kill."

Hitomi nods. "Does that seem reasonable to everyone else?"

The others nod in agreement.

"Is that reasonable, Mami-chan?" asks Hitomi.

"Mami-chan is … tentatively okay with this, yes," she says.

"Very good," says Hitomi.

"With that in mind," you add, "we all need to be prepared. I have some ideas about what we can do in the meantime to make sure we have the advantage."

"Go ahead," says Hitomi.

You outline your plans.

**> \[Oriko] Send Amy to watch the house**
\>> Send Kyouko-onee-chan to visit Yuma if Kirika leaves.
**> \[Asami] Conduct a very wide area broadcast from a good antenna.**
\> \[Misc] Assign the gang to plan various contingencies like sneaking out of the house unnoticed

"Kirika and Yuma are at home. We should deploy our surveillance unit, Amy, and watch for an opening. I'm guessing that if it's just Chitose Yuma, then maybe Kyouko can just walk in the front door. We should also take advantage of Simona's absence to look for anyone else with future technology, send a nice strong signal from the best antenna in town. I think I can do that with some help from Nanami. Ryouko has been way too busy and needs some downtime to reduce stress. Mami and Homura should be hunting witches, and Homura can catch up with Mami about their adventures together in another timeline. The rest of the girls should be figuring out their options at home in case anything happens: ways to sneak out unseen, places to hide from intruders, places to hide a friend from parents, general disaster preparedness around their neighborhood, vulnerability to earthquakes and storms."

You take a deep breath.

"Wow," says Wakaba. "That's a lot…"

\> \[Housing] Express sentiment that magical girls should not be left alone
\> \[Housing] Ask for general group opinions on specifics

"And finally," you add, "it's not very good that we have magical girls living alone while Oriko is on the loose. Especially Homura, who is simultaneously our most valuable team member, and our most vulnerable. Meanwhile, Kyouko does not have a permanent residence, and the housing situation will only get worse if we manage to find more people like Asami, and Momo. Or if we can turn Yuma to our side."

***

\> Check with Machina that Mami is going to follow our lead and not sabotage our efforts

Machina sends her thanks.

*That is very good planning,* she opines, \*and at a guess, your great-grandmother has a bright future ahead of her as the leader of the free world.

… Maybe?\* you reply. You're not quite sure that's what she has in mind for her life… \*Do you feel Mami is likely to cooperate?

We're okay for the time being. I'm worried about Ryouko, though, *she says*. Your report on the Paris incident noted a minor risk area from her impatience and frustration with those around her while assuming control of the situation. After last night, and seeing her just now, I would say that the problem has worsened substantially. Has she been acting erratically in other ways?

She's been showing a little personality drift since Simona del Mago broke into the Church of Hope, did a smash and grab on Homura's ribbon, and tied it to Ryouko's hand,\* you tell Machina.

\*… Warn me before you say such things, Clarisse dear, \*says Machina. \*At least let me sit down first.

She thought that going to school might be fun and interesting,\* you observe, *and had some difficulty remembering who her girlfriend is*. \*I've therefore removed the ribbon from her person, and placed it in my pocket for safe-keeping, and I've had at least one substantial vision since then.

I hadn't imagined the ribbon changing someone's personalty,\* says Machina, *but I suppose it does fit Akemi-san's story*. \*As for the visions, what did the goddess have to say about this mess?

I didn't see the goddess,\* you say, which is technically true, you think, as she was just a human girl at the time. \*The ribbon ****did**** provide a strong impression that not all is well with the goddess, and that it's probably the cause of the current mess.

I see, \*says Machina.

*In more immediate ribbon-related concerns,* you say, \*I believe that the ribbon's action has facilitated Kyouko discovering a new branch of magic, a more concrete variant of her illusions, which allows her to transform herself and possibly others. She is having some difficulty accessing it on demand, but has quasi-accidentally obtained for herself a copy of governance implants. As a related matter, you and I and Nanami are now the Paradox Committee, censoring her access to data which would reveal information about specific people and events the future, especially herself and her contemporaries.

… Since when does the ribbon do ****that****?\* demands Machina.

*Since when does the ribbon send Hitomi's soul to the 1980s as part of a half-hour exchange program?* you reply.

*I specifically said that I should be sitting down for things like this,* states Machina.

*You see why I'm actually willing to risk holding onto it, though,* you tell her. *It seems to be very good at eroding boundaries between universes. It could be our key to getting out of here and back home.*

Machina sends firm agreements.

*Why is Nanami helping us censor, though?* asks Machina. \*Shouldn't we be keeping things from her as well?

I don't believe we'd be able to,\* you say. *My criteria for this committee is basically, people who could just send those secrets to each other already, and access to that future information is a major part of her magic. I don't think we could stop her if we wanted to. Fortunately, she also appears to be serious and responsible, though she does have a playful streak. On a related note, you should introduce yourself, and we should all see about getting similar protection in place for the others.*

Machina sends frowns.

*Not all of us can be like you, Clarisse,* she says. \*Things like this aren't easy for me.

But you'll do it, right?\* you ask.

*Yes,* she says.

You send hugs.

*Thanks,* she replies.

***

Kyouko has tentatively agreed to stay at Homura's house, to keep an eye on her, but only just for a few days. It will do for the moment. The picnic group is splitting up, and you are all heading your separate ways.

\*Are you sure we should be apart? \*asks Ryouko. \*You were rather distressed when you went out of range before.

Yes, *you assure her*. We need to do it eventually. If nothing else, it will be practice for Oriko. The real question is whether you're okay with it. I could be there reassuring you that even crazy future Simona seems to think Asami still exists, so the odds are on our side!\*

Ryouko is amused.

*Well, I'll miss you a little,* she admits. \*But… you're right, we need to do it eventually. I'll be fine, I promise.

If you have any need,\* you tell her, \*do not hesitate to summon me back.

Okay, \*she says.

Ryouko says her farewells to the others, and you give her a hug to see her off. You do *not* freak out the moment that Ryouko cuts out. In fact, you can still get feeds of her remotely, as you could for anyone else, and provide a lot of feedback. But the magic link feels distant, and there's a sense of *presence* missing, on a fundamental level. Maybe it's her soul.

***

(deferred)
\> talk to Sayaka about remaining not-meguca
\> Operation Cy-aka

"The thing is," you tell Sayaka, "you are already more special than your every-day magical girl, and at very little cost to yourself. You are the cyber-ninja secret agent of the future. You have been educated about science, technology, and language, in ways that you do not even begin to understand. If you really, truly, want to help make the world a much better place, if you want to save lives not just one at a time but by the millions, well, being a magical girl is, quite frankly, going to be a distraction."

Sayaka squirms. She's clearly still interested, but trying to reconcile it with these ideas. The fluff-ball has done a number on her.

"In the meantime, you know what I think you should do?" you ask. "You should take up martial arts."

"… Huh," says Sayaka. "It doesn't seem like that'd be useful compared to, well, magic."

"Learning to fight is only a small part of it," you say. "Any martial arts program will have a strong focus on discipline, self-control. If you have those, and if you have passion in your heart, you can accomplish anything — and believe me, you have the passion in your heart."

"… I do?" she asks, a little surprised at the unexpected praise.

"You do," you affirm.

"Well… thanks," she says.

"So try it out," you say, "and maybe become a futuristic cyber-warrior and super-spy."

She frowns. "That *is* cool," she admits, "but I thought the idea was to keep me not-dead." She smirks.

"Yes, well, I am working with Sayaka-grade stubbornness here," you say.

"Ha!" she says. "That's so true…"

"And if you *do* decide to become a magical girl," you say, "which I *still* specifically don't recommend, well, magical girls need self-discipline too. It's not just something that you magically get, and it goes a long way towards keeping you alive."

"… You know," she says, "you might be on to something there. I do kind of rush into things like a maniac, don't I?"

"And whatever else," you add, "don't worry about being firepower against Walpurgisnacht. I'm given to understand Nanami's railgun has unlimited power. If it comes down to a firefight, we just need the grief cubes to power it."

"Okay," says Sayaka. "Yeah, so I'll ask Dad about the martial arts stuff." She smiles. "Thanks, Clarisse."

***

You have identified your preferred target antenna, and are setting out towards downtown with Nanami. Kyouko accompanies you for part of the way, carrying the kitty so that she doesn't tire herself out walking all the way to Oriko's.

"Hey," Kyouko says to Amy. "Hey, do you remember me? I remember you."

"Meow," says Amy.

Kyouko blinks. Amy must have sent her some data.

"Well that's really cool," she says. "Some cat, huh."

Amy gives Kyouko a kiss on the nose.

"Ah, hahaha," says Kyouko. "I dub thee *cat-breath*."

"She's a pretty good cat," you say. "You could say that she's the best…"

You trail off as you round the corner.

To the side of the path is *that person* again. The high school boy, the one who was ogling Ryouko outside the library. He's accompanied by a girl, about the same age as he is, wearing a high school uniform; she has long braids, like Homura, and glasses, though hers are a more sophisticated design. Somehow, though, you suspect that the boy is *mostly* just interested in her ample bosom.

Aside from the general feeling of ickiness, this meeting would almost be unremarkable, except that the boy is staring at Kyouko, and more saliently, perhaps, at Amy, and you realize that this isn't very far at all from the spot where Ryouko accidentally mangled her. And off to the side of the path, where they are standing, there is a patch of dirt which appears to have been disturbed.

*Don't say anything,* you tell the other two. *Everything is normal. Keep walking.*

The boy nudges his friend. "Hey," he mutters, under his breath.

The girl turns. "What's the matt—"

"Meow?" asks Amy.

"… Oh," says the girl.

\*Don't say anything, either, \*you tell the kitty.

The kitty sends silent acknowledgement.

You stroll on without saying another word.

*What was that?* asks Nanami, after you've passed them.

*If I had to guess,* you say, \*they recognized Amy.

… why would it make them act like that?\* asks Kyouko.

*Because earlier this week, Amy was dead,* you admit.

*Oh,* says Kyouko.

*So now, we just keep moving on, and we don't give those two anything more to talk about than they already have,* you conclude. \*Someone like that, I'm sure girls avoid him all the time.

Right,\* says Nanami. \*The girl lives in my neighborhood. I was trying to avoid her, earlier today.

Oh, lovely,\* you say.

*If she asks about the cat,* says Nanami, \*my lips are sealed.
\*
You can't think of anything else in particular to improve the situation, though.

***

\*\*

\> \[Asami] Conduct a very wide area broadcast from a good antenna.\*\*

According to the Internet, the tallest building in town is mildly controversial, as it was developed by a consortium of foreign investors and the sovereign wealth fund of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. As such, people have given it the nickname \*Burj Kalafina, \*instead of the more nominally accurate *Kalafina Tower*.

Nanami, in any event, is helping you infiltrate. She can identify and subvert nearby *wired* security cameras, whereas you've been limited to only wireless ones so far, and the tower does seem to have reasonably competent network segregation that would take some real work to get around otherwise. You are a little jealous, but are helping by tracking people using their cell phones, which seem quite ubiquitous, especially among the staff. The first floor of the tower has several nice cafés and luxury shops, and next to the toilets, the two of you locate a locked door which leads to a service area. There's one slow oversized freight elevator that actually goes the way to the top, without needing to change elevators to get to the upper stories. As soon as there's no one *using* it, you're able to make your move.

Eight hundred meters' travel later, you are in an equipment room near the roof.

"Okay," says Nanami, taking in the room, running her fingers along some dusty equipment.

"Watch that," you chide. "We don't want to be in the habit of leaving fingerprints, even if they probably won't check."

"Oi," she says. "Right. Won't touch anything that I don't need too."

You nod.

The target hardware, it seems, is a relatively unobtrusive little beige box with thicker coaxial cables than most of the others.

"Okay, so, we've got broadcast power to reach China, no problem," says Nanami. "Reception, on the other hand, is going to be pretty bad, unless they have a few kilowatts themselves; there's not a lot of gain on this thing. That's all okay, right?"

You nod. "I'm including several forms of contact instructions in the broadcast."

"What we should do," says Nanami, "is find a few good cell towers, and rig them to extend our mesh network. In the interim... there's a relay port over \*here \*that's not in use, and the inverse square law is our friend. We should be able to jury-rig ourselves a crappy little antenna with about two meters of cable, then just use our epic beam-forming technology to yell at it with radio waves, and we'll be on air. Easy as that."

"That makes sense," you agree.

It is, in fact, as easy as that. You warn the other girls, and send it out — a simple message, wedged in between TV stations, saying that you're from the future, you come in peace, and if anyone is from the future or has the technology to read this, to please get in touch, or come to Mitakihara. If anyone with future tech is in range, they'd have to be deliberately ignoring it to miss it, but it should be nicely opaque to everyone else. You wait a few minutes to repeat it several times.

***

It's a little while longer before the freight elevator is all yours again.

"That was more exciting than it should have been," says Nanami.

"I somewhat agree," you tell her. "I've been in much tenser situations with Ryouko, but it's different by myself."

By yourself…

which, of course, you are. You'd almost started to half-forget, but that emptiness inside is back. It's a sinking feeling like the elevator dropping eight hundred meters.

You step back into the cafe, where you are distracted from the emptiness in short order as Kyouko gets in touch.

*I think we have something,* says Kyouko, forwarding you the feed.

You sit down at a table to watch it.

\*I'll go order some green tea, \*suggests Nanami.

*Thanks,* you reply.

***

"Are you still playing with that stupid, ugly doll?" asks Kirika.

"Go away," says Yuma, "I'm trying to concentrate."

"Make me," says Kirika.

"Make you?" says Yuma. "*Fine.* Don't you have somewhere to be?"

"Ha," says Kirika. "If you think words are going to *make* me—"

"You have to go shopping," says Yuma.

"… Oh, crapburgers," she says. "Crap crap crap. I totally forgot…"

"And don't forget the gas," declares Yuma.

"Hey, screw you," says Kirika.

"No, you," retorts Yuma.

"No, you!" says Kirika again, on the way out.

***

\*Purchasing gasoline? \*you observe. *Well, that's not in the least bit worrisome. I somehow can't imagine her using it as a motor fuel. As a fire accelerant, though, it's just recklessly irresponsible enough, though if she wanted to burn something… ah, right, Hinata Aina might be traveling.*

Amy is very quiet and still as Kirika heads out to the garden, locating a small gas can in a shed — almost empty, judging by the sloshing. She also kicks the roto-tiller, just for good measure.

*Maybe she just intends to abuse some power tools,* suggests Kyouko.

Nanami returns with the tea just as the infiltration commences.

***

\>> Send Kyouko-onee-chan to visit Yuma if Kirika leaves.

Kyouko just strolls in the front door, casual-like.

"Yo peeps," she says. "I forgot some stuffs." She looks around the room. "Yo yo, anybody home?"

A small humanoid toddles into the room. Very small. Doll-sized. Actually, it is a doll, with long green hair.

Kyouko recoils in surprise and fear.

The doll stops, then trips and falls face-first on the floor.

"Sorry!" calls Yuma, from the next room, springing up from her seat on the floor and running over. "Don't worry. It's just me."

"Oh, thank goodness, I thought it was a witch," says Kyouko, crouching down to floor level.

"It's my pretty doll," says Yuma, squeezing Kyouko with a hug. "Oriko says I'm going to be really pretty when I grow up."

"Is that so," says Kyouko. "But you're so *cute* right *now*."

Aside from the hair, the doll does not particularly look like Yuma grown up. If anything, it looks more like Ryouko.

"Where's Kirika?" asks Kyouko.

"She's going to the hardware store," says Yuma. "She needs to buy stuff… Hey, did you wait until she was gone?"

"Of course," says Kyouko, casually. "Don't need that girl bothering me."

"Will you play with me?" the little girl asks Kyouko.

Kyouko smiles. "Maybe," she says. "Do you know where Oriko put my stuff?"

She shakes her head. "No," she says. "Maybe in Simona's room?" She pronounces it with a minor lisp. Thimona.

*Okay, Clarisse,* sends Kyouko, *what do we need be looking at while I'm here?*

***

**> prioritize!**
let no one else's schemes evade your eyes...
... wait, no, that tom lehrer song is *slightly* different

Yes, I know you want Kyouko to check out *everything*.
But you're not quite sure how long Kirika will be gone.
Please provide opinions on how to allocate Kyouko's time.

\[] \[Priority] Do an intensive deep dive into any of Oriko's notes
\[] \[Priority] Investigate Simona's room, for her secrets, or clues to Asami
\[] \[Priority] Save time to play with Yuma, and get her talking

\[] \[Evidence handling] Investigate in place, leave everything to where you found it
\[] \[Evidence handling] Remove a few of the likeliest materials in an unobtrusive paper grocery bag
\[] \[Evidence handling] Make off with everything you can

Chitose Yuma is a cute, and could be useful on your side.

\[] \[Yuma] Pretend everything is on the level
\[] \[Yuma] Actively recruit Yuma to your side
\[] \[Yuma] Lure Yuma away with promises of an exciting adventure
\[] \[Yuma] Kidnap Yuma
-\[] and burn Oriko's house down in revenge

Deferred for the moment:

\> invite Kyouko over for dinner
\>> use her as a sacrifice to the unknown powers if anyone tries to existentially costume you again
