# Be prepared for a creepy stalker shrine.

"Nanami\*,"\* you enquire, "tell me about early twenty-first century communication networks. If Oriko's on an airplane, can she still be reached via telephone? I'm not quite sure of the technology's capabilities."

She considers it a moment.

"I don't think so," she concludes. "They always want you to turn off phones in the air, and even if you didn't, and if you have signal, the network isn't built for that sort of handoff."

"There's not any sort of relay on the plane?" you ask. That would make *sense*…

She shakes her head. "No way."

You nod. "Well. That makes this a little easier. Thank you."

"My turn," she says. "If Mami has a version 2 tac comp — and she does, I can tell — why didn't she say anything to anyone during the picnic, like you did, and why is she waiting to contact me now?"

"Oh, goddess," you say, multitasking as you get back to Kyouko. "It's … complicated. She's sort of wasn't ever intended to be a conscious entity, and she's spent far too much of her life in hiding."

"I see," says Nanami. "So you two know each other."

You nod. "She's … a sweetheart, really. Very thoughtful."

Nanami nods. "And what is this about a Paradox Committee?"

"Oh," you say, "let me explain." You summarize the information-hiding plan.

"This is an excellent idea," says Nanami. "It shouldn't be that hard. Let's see… to start, basic name filtering for anything that involves specific human names after 2011, or the Church of Hope. Maybe a short whitelist for the abstract physics concepts, and people like Volokhov…"

"That's a good start," you say, returning your attention to the infiltration as she goes to work.

***

**\[4] \[Priority] Save time to play with Yuma, and get her talking**
\[4] \[Yuma] Have Kyouko take Yuma out for ice-cream or street survival teaching from Kyouko.
\- Make sure to ask if she's expected to do anything for Oriko first, and maybe double check things with her

*You know what?* you tell Kyouko. \*Make a quick show of checking for your stuff, and scope out Simona's and Oriko's rooms, but be super quick about it. Then, take Yuma out for some ice cream.

Ice cream?\* remarks Kyouko. \*On an infiltration mission? ... not that I'm in the habit of turning down ice cream, but…

Well, three things,\* you explain\*. One, Yuma leaks Oriko's secrets like a sieve. Two, she's a remarkably powerful magical girl in her own right, and if we can get her away from Oriko some day, or even just make her less willing to fight us or help them fight us, then we're much better off. Three, she's had a very rough childhood, and deserves more ice cream in her life.

I see,\* says Kyouko. \*Well, if that's how it works, I might have a couple of ideas.

Make sure that Oriko isn't expecting her to do anything, though,\* you point out.

***

"Hey, Yuma," says Kyouko. "You busy this evening?"

"I need to practice playing with my doll," she says. "Oriko says it's important for when I'm growed up."

"Ah," says Kyouko, "I mean, any appointments or important calls you can't miss, and would keep you from sneaking out and joining me for some ice cream?"

Yuma considers that for a moment, pondering.

"But we have ice cream in the freezer!" she objects.

Kyouko blinks.

"Oh yeah?" she says. "Well, do you have soft serve ice cream in an ice cream cone that's shaped like a fish?"

"A fish?!" asks Yuma, frowning. "… wouldn't that taste pretty funny with ice cream?"

Kyouko laughs. "No, no, it's just a special ice cream cone… It's really good."

"I know that," says Yuma, grinning. "I'm just being funny."

"Heh," says Kyouko. "Okay, give me, like, three minutes to check if my bag's upstairs, and then we can sneak out."

Yuma nods. "I'll get my doll ready to go," she says, quite seriously.

***

\- \[4] start with Simona's room

*Be prepared for a creepy stalker shrine,* you warn Kyouko.

*Yeah, I bet,* she replies, opening the door slowly.

\*And look out for magical traps.

I'm always looking out for magical traps,\* she says.

*And non-magical traps,* you add.

Simona's room is not a creepy stalker shrine, in and of itself. What it is, however, is *something else*.

It feels very narrow, but really, it's just very long, with a very, very tall ceiling. A brilliant shaft of light illuminates the darkness of the rest of the space in a sunset glow; the sunbeam shines in from a single window at the far end of the room — tall, narrow, simple square panes of glass, and an arch on top. It is flanked by curtains.

Under the window, but set away from all the edges of the room, there is a simple bed with a white bedspread and a white pillow. On the other end of the room, its rectangular shape is balanced by a simple wooden desk near the door. The layout is weirdly symmetrical.

Kyouko is taken aback.

\*What the hell is up with this? *she asks*. The rest of the house doesn't have this freaky Gothic vibe.

Kyouko, *you say*. Be very careful.

What? I mean, of course, but why?

Because,\* you explain,\* this room is taller than it should be, and there's a sunset glow is shining in through the window, \*you tell her, *and I'm pretty sure the room faces east.*

Kyouko shudders.

\*Just look quickly, \*you advise, *and try not to linger.*

The desk is closer, so she looks there first. The chair is set so that it faces the window, its back to the house; on the top is a portable easel, all folded up so it's just a box with a handle. There are some rather ordinary looking art supplies inside: simple watercolors, water-soluble colored pencils, regular pencils, various erasers, India ink, and an unmarked bottle of a light colored liquid, perhaps a medium of some sort.

At the foot of the bed is a small roll-aboard suitcase, hard sided, with a zipper to open. It is the only colorful thing in the room, orange, but you would almost think it white, as it matches the glow of the sunset light. It proves to be mostly full of clothes — contemporary, casual — but tucked in the center where it folds is a folio of papers.

Yes, look through that, you say. Just be sure you look at everything, we can record it for later. Don't worry about spending time understanding it.

She unfolds the folio to find …

No!

No, what?!?

Not just what. *How*. How does she know?

Never mind that she knows what you look like, apparently, somehow, which itself is a little bit of a surprise. But how did she know enough to paint the rest of it? Did she read your mind? Did she somehow convince you, perhaps in some long abandoned timeline, to share your most private and shameful fantasies? Because there it is, drawn out for you, right there in Kyouko's hand, all of it, in exquisite detail. It is unfathomably embarrassing. It's almost like she peeked at you naked, but far more intimate, and much more than a just peek. No, she had time to make an exquisitely detailed artistic study. Ryouko's dress, the light purple rose on her breast, the garden, the impossible stars…

Ryouko looks happy, though. Absolutely serene.

"Huh," remarks Kyouko aloud, casually. "Didn't know ya danced, Clarisse."

She flips ahead to the next watercolor. There are several in the same style, more of a portrait look. Ryouko is in all of them, of course: Ryouko with Chiaki, Ryouko with Azrael, Ryouko with Sacnite (looking motherly next to the small girl). They're all nicely rendered, and flattering enough.

*Hey, is that all good?* Kyouko asks, returning the folio and zipping up the suitcase again. \*I'm gonna look at Oriko's room.

I have never danced, *you say to Kyouko, somewhat distractedly*.

Huh?\* she asks. \*… Oh. Hey, we should go out some time and try it. Salsa, baby. More fun than waltzes or whatever.

Oh, \*you say, dreamily. *Yes. We should, some time.*

Oriko's room brings your attention back fully to the present. The wall is a mess of newspapers and photocopies and scrawled notes, pinned up to cork-board, and strung together with red lines between the pins. It's like a period police drama. At the center of the display is a whiteboard, on which "2462" is crossed out, and "2525!!!" underlined. Next to it, unobstructed by the other displays, is a calendar, with the dates crossed out through Tuesday, and a clock. Off to the side of it all sits Oriko's computer, a laptop, and a little printer-scanner.

\*Yes, yes! \*you confirm. *This is good. A quick scan of the most recent material.*

Near the center is an Agenda, with items like "Plane tickets," "sent K\&K to greet Homura", "sent Yuma to retrieve ribbon in the park". Strings run out from the agenda items to other printouts. It's actually much more organized than it looks from a distance.

You think you get it. She seems to be exploiting her future sight by leaving herself notes and instructions. If you have to guess, it's easier for her to find her notes from the future than just to search through all of time and space for interesting goings-on. But that *also* means this is mostly old material, things that she's been up to already, not what she's doing next. For instance, there is a printout that shows her trip: a zig zag itinerary via Dubai and Casablanca to Madrid, then returning to Japan on a different airline.

\*Where does she keep her older notes? \*you wonder.

*Down there, I think, *says Kyouko.* In the shredder.*

Indeed, the basket is filled with long, thin, curly strips of paper.

\*Well, at least it's not a cross-cut shred, and she hasn't burned them, you say. We could reassemble those fragments, if we had to…

I'm not sure how I'm going to sneak something like that out on an ice cream date, \*says Kyouko. \*I'd be crinkling the whole time. The computer's probably not going to work, either…

"\*Kyouko?" calls out Yuma's voice from downstairs. "You ready?"

*Leave it be,* you tell Kyouko. \*We'll conduct follow-up while the two of you are out.
\*
"I'm coming, I'm coming!" says Kyouko, shutting the door to Oriko's room and heading down the stairs. "No luck with the bag, though."

\[4] If Yuma leaves, have Ryouko teleport us and Homura nearby and enter the house in timestop (without Ryouko). Or try teleporting personally if that's a thing we can do now.

You're actually pretty sure you can do this by yourself. A consultation with Ryouko's magic suggests that the magic is of the opinion that you're an extension of Ryouko. You have to admit this is a little strange, though it's not exactly untrue. Machina has set Mami's status, so you won't be interrupting them during a witch fight, at least.

***

"Okay, done," says Nanami.

"Wait, what?" you say. "Sorry, my attention was across town just there."

"The encyclopedia access update," she says.

"Oh, good," you say. "Just need to get people to install it, then…"

"No," she says, "I did that too."

You blink at her.

"You did what?" you ask.

"Uh, I sent them the firmware update, so they can't look at future stuff anymore? Like we planned? They shouldn't have noticed anything, if that's what you're thinking…"

"You just *installed* it, just like that?" you ask. "You can *do* that, and change settings on people remotely, bypassing the access control system entirely?"

"Uhh… yeah?" she admits.

"Oh, goddess," you say. You might need something a little stiffer than tea at this rate…

***

**> rock out to 5/4 time signature**

In the event of a takedown or other cause dead video, this was the Mission: Impossible theme.
The classic version from the original TV series. None of that electric guitar nonsense.

There's a minor risk of redundancy here, but even if it'd be quite fun, I wouldn't want to commit you to investigating Simona's freaky room once Kyouko's peeked in on it.

Your mission, Clarisse, should you choose to accept it:
\[ ] \[Mission] Grab the evidence quickly, get out of there, and start analyzing.
-\[ ] Return the laptop with custom surveillance software installed.
\[x] \[Mission] Explore Simona's room in search of hidden secrets, deeper meanings, or gateways to alternate dimensions.
\[ ] \[Mission] Explore Oriko's room for more clippings, equipment, and like artifacts of her schemes.

Clarisse lights a cigarette, opens her leather folio, and sits down on the sofa to *dramatically sort through team photographs*. Martin Landau and Barbara Bain both go straight into the Rejected pile.
\[x] \[Team] Go alone. It's stealthier than bringing people with soul gems.
\[ ] \[Team] Ask Homura to help; two-girl time-stop raid.
\[ ] \[Team] Ask Nanami to help; infiltrate the computer without disturbing it.
\[ ] \[Team] (write in some other scheme)

The secretary *will* disavow any knowledge of Nanami's actions.
\[ ] \[Nanami] Lecture Nanami on the importance of respecting permissions frameworks.
\[ ] \[Nanami] Nanami is a responsible person, trust her on this.
\[ ] \[Nanami] Think of other useful updates for her to send out, stealthy-like.
-\[ ] (write in some specific idea)

This vote will self-destruct in 5 seconds.
\[ ] \[Ribbon] Bring the ribbon with you on the mission.
\[ ] \[Ribbon] Leave the ribbon with Nanami.
\[ ] \[Ribbon] (write in some other place to leave the ribbon)
