# Fear the eee

\> *Politely explain* to Nanami the importance of respecting permissions frameworks.

"Nanami," you say, "I want to float an idea by you, and you can tell me what you think of it."

"Go ahead," she says.

"It's about Hitomi," you explain. "You like her, right?"

"M-maybe, yeah …"

"What if you just used your technology to reprogram her brain so she liked you too?"

"Wha- what?!?!"

"Okay, that's too much, clearly," you continue. "How a little bit lighter of a touch? Just read her mind, so you know what she thinks of you. See what gets her attention, who else she likes…"

"This is a terrible idea," objects Nanami.

You nod. "I agree. Boundaries are important, and I believe you are uniquely empowered right now to violate many of them right now. With that in mind, you should take care, lest you set forth down a dark road. Indeed, with your attention and care, we might be able to avoid many of the misfortunes of my timeline's past."

Nanami cringes.

"Okay, I get it," she says. "It's not like it was a big deal or anything."

You shake your head. "Even if it's a small thing, casually modifying your friends without permissions is kind of a big deal," you insist gently. "It's far easier to respect boundaries if you don't cross them for the little things."

"I said, I get it," snarls Nanami, suddenly, and slams a fist on the table for emphasis.

"… Nanami?" you say, startled, and just a little scared.

She sits there looking tense at you for a full five seconds.

"… I'm sorry," she manages, after a few moments.

"Are you okay?" you ask.

"I'm *fine*," she says. "I'll be more careful."

You regard her for a few moments.

Despite what she says, she's obviously not quite fine, but she quite obviously wants to let the matter drop.

"I would ask what's the matter," you say, quietly, "but this doesn't seem to be the time."

Nanami takes a deep breath.

"Thanks," she says. "Now, anyway…"

"Promise me to talk later, though?" you say.

She hesitates.

"Please?" you add.

"… *fine*," she says, wincing as if in pain. "Just, can we move on?"

You nod.

"Okay," you say. "Well, if we're moving on, I'd like you to use your magic on Oriko's computer."

Nanami takes a deep breath.

"I'm all over it," she affirms. "What's the plan?"

***

**> Ask Homura to help Nanami infiltrate the computer without disturbing it; two-girl time-stop raid.**
\>> Withdraw if weird magic things start happening

\>> Ask Machina about magic rooms and implications.

*That's quite strange,* agrees Machina. \*I can't recall any specific incidents, but there's a variety of stories from the Unification Wars, and the reckless excesses of the FA leadership, where something like that figured. I don't recall them modifying space, though. I wonder if it's related to a particular kind of magic?

I see,\* you say.

\*And, as for Homura, \*she adds, *take Mami with you? She'll feel included if she comes, which is quite productive, and not at all problematic if everyone just abandons her.*

You're a little skeptical.

*Are you sure that she's not going to try and shoot the place up?* you ask.

*Quite sure,* says Machina. \*I've been talking her into revenge-served-cold. Besides, if she'd really like, we rather don't need you to teleport us there.

Okay,\* you say, \*but she waits outside with me.

Got it,\* Machina affirms. *We'll ask Homura, then.*

\>> We teleport them nearby and stay out of range, frozen, providing guidance if needed

*Ryouko,* you enquire.

*Yes?* she responds.

\*We have a short window of opportunity to investigate Oriko's house while Kiraka is out. I was going to ask Nanami and Homura to help… and I don't want to make Homura stop time and walk all the way there, so, teleporting them would be useful.

Oh,\* she says, \*I'll find some excuse… how do they say it? Powder my toes?

Not quite,\* you say. *Actually, there may be a way to do it without interrupting you… though, with your permission, of course.*

Ryouko doesn't respond.

She's … probably waiting for you to read her thoughts and realize that she's not entirely sure what you mean by that.

\*I think I can channel your magic, \*you explain. \*At least, it seems to be telling me that. I'm not sure of the specifics.

Oh,\* she remarks. There's a pause. *That's weird.*

You're … not sure what to think.

You realize you don't quite understand Ryouko from the outside. It's terribly disconcerting, almost as if some sort of stranger that happens to look like Ryouko has replaced Ryouko which \*might also have come distressingly close to happening as part of unrelated events today.

If I may, then,\* you ask?

*Oh,* she says, *of course.*

***

You just did a magic.

Technically Ryouko did it. Technically it's not for the first time. But you intended it, and magic happened. Surely every girl of the twenty-first century dreams of what it must be like doing magic.

You don't think anyone dreams of this particular feeling, and you're not quite sure what it feels like. It's like seeing the smile of someone you love. It's like hearing her laughter. It's a warm feeling… but mingled with an obscure pain, as if somehow the warmth and the love is terribly far away.

You think you should avoid making a habit of this.

The present provides welcome distraction.

"Right," says, Nanami, "I've got the mission plan. Homura-chan and myself in timestop. Image the computer, conjure some spyware, and replace the contents of the shredder so we can look at what's in there. There's blank paper in the printer; she probably won't notice.

You nod.

"Well, here goes," she says. "Ready?"

Homura nods, takes Nanami's hand, and the pair suddenly jump a short distance away.

"Where can we debrief?" asks Nanami. "We should get out of here before Kirika comes back."

"… Oh, my," says Mami. "That was very quick."

You take a look at the plastic bag in Nanami's hand, full of shredded paper.

"Hitomi's place," you decide. "Or, well, I guess I should say my place."

You hesitate a moment before leaving. An irrational part of you is very distressed that you have left the watercolor behind, and in doing so, it feels an awful lot like you have decided to abandon Ryouko herself — and certainly the fantasy of dancing with her on a field of stars. Indeed, it's almost as if you're abandoning the idea of having a physical avatar capable of dancing.

You shake it off. It's probably just the lack of Ryouko's presence, and emotions doing strange things to you. You'll be quite near the *real* Ryouko in just half a moment.

There. Much better.

"That was very fast," remarks Mami.

"I'm not sure what the policy is on having friends over," you say, "so if you could, please keep a little quiet."

Nanami nods. "The bad news is, Oriko's a little paranoid. She encrypts her notes, empties her trash, and runs has a secure erase program to wipe out her internet history. She keeps her documents on a removable device, probably a little thumb drive. The good news is, sometimes computers crash and leave recovery files in places that aren't obvious. So we have one of those, just one, but it is as *spicy as hell*."

"I can imagine," you say. "And Simona's room?"

"We couldn't open the door," says Homura. "And … it felt weird."

You frown. "Perhaps that's for the best."

"I want to see the file," says Homura.

"I'll send it to your phone," says Nanami.

She turns and looks at you.

"Um, you might want to sit down for this," she adds.

"I'm sure I'll be fine," you say, because you're stubborn.
(Don't worry. We still like you anyway.)

Nanami sighs. "Okay, fine."

> Article:
>
> Chitose Ryouko
> Icon of feminine purity, elegance, and grace, also valued for berserk bloodthirsty battle-lust and worshipped as living goddess; unlimited magic powers, "lynchpin of victory.". Favorite food: lemon feather cake. Favorite drink: blood of enemies. usual vices of royalty, short temper, arbitrary, etc.
>
> Shizuki Clarisse
> Mother/sister/handmaiden/servant creature programmed to support Ryouko. Cloning and computer implants? Adopted as Shizuki, "which was the start of the trouble." Supposedly "inseparable" from Ryouko (so where is she hiding?)
>
> Shizuki Simona
> "Star Guardian," "Ryouko's favored one," consort/bride? Story here is unclear as always, lots of woo-woo on sacraments and sacred mysteries. She seems to take them all very seriously but has a playful attitude towards doing so, like it's a clever game for her. Barrier affects flow of time, *sharp* time-crystals, supposed to be mysterious (possibly not a wish?)
> time loop, rescue Ryouko from hell dimension
>
> Asami
> Interloper. Seeks to corrupt Ryouko through Clarisse, possibly damaged her programming / safeguards? "She-demon" / Satan figure
>
> The Oracle
> Star Empress
> Star Guardians
> Ryouko, Chiaki, Ruiko, Simona
> Clarisse (sorta)
> Shizuki Sacnite
> Patricia+Asaka
> Kokomine Yayaka
> Shirou Asaka
> Österreich Mamika
> Shizuki Azrael
> Alessandra (new)
> Star Defenders
> Star Avengers
> Shizuki Nadeshiko, Tomoyo
> \- weird riddle about why sartorial magic is a thing
> \- "Slipper Princess" (probably not important?)
>
> **people who might be in 2011**
> \- Clarisse von Rossum
> \-- Oldest magical girl, sort of a harbringer of doom, attracted to historical events\*. \****useful to watch?***
> \- Star Priestess Sakura Momo
> \-- high priestess for original death goddess, now Ryouko too. Electromagnetic powers, minor church miracles. ***Locate if possible***
> \- Shiina Yuuka
> \-- Interprets meanings, psi magic. Some sort of pity case? ***Still very useful, recruit when she contracts***
>
> 2462
> \~12B humans, \~1T others, "surprisingly few" planets
> \- agriculture vs hunting, grief potatoes from Jupiter
> \- Squid had vulnerable central control point
> \- Phong federation, hit and run raids
> \- Fear the eee
>
> Source: “simona notes (Recovered).asd”

You experience a *bomp* on your bottom.

"… Did I not warn you?!" says Nanami.

"it's *fine*," you mutter. "That was a controlled fall."

"Wait," says Homura, reading the text, "Clarisse, didn't you know someone else named Chitose?"

"Yes," you say, "she's about this tall." You raise a hand about level with your head, still on the floor.

Speaking of the young miss Chitose, you should check in on Kyouko.

***

\> Have Kyoko ask Yuma what she's been up to. Especillay missions for Oriko, and the doll.

*So Oriko's clearly up to some crazy plan with the doll,* opines Kyouko. \*She's been teaching Yuma to branch out into all sorts of crazy magic things. This thing where she does magic things to the doll is clearly about her "growing up to be pretty," somehow, I just don't get it. She's also worried about whether or not she brought home the right ribbon. Apparently it doesn't quite match the others.

Well, I understand that part,\* you admit.

*How do you do the thing where you send someone a recording?* asks Kyouko. \*Oh, wait. You just… sort of ask to do the thing.

Yes,\* you say, \*it's quite easy like that.

Got it,\* she says. *Here, check it out.*

"So what have you been up to?" asks Kyouko.

"Same old same old," says Yuma, with a huff. "Kirika keeps being mean and teasing me."

"Aww," says Kyouko. "Don't you listen to her."

She nods.

"She keeps calling me a 'prekokkus brat'" complains Yuma, "and tells me that I'm ugly. She's stupid. She doesn't even know how to pronounce 'precocious.' It's atrocious."

Kyouko laughs, and shakes her head.

"You're not ugly," she tells Yuma, "you're cute as a button."

Yuma frowns at that epithet for a moment, but quickly finds solace.

"*Oriko* says that I'm going to be real pretty when I grow up," she notes.

"Well, of course," says Kyouko. "Just gotta be patient."

"Well, actually…" she begins, but hesitates.

"Hmm?"

"Never mind," she says. "It's a secret."

"Oh, I see," says Kyouko.

"Do you like my doll?" she asks. "Is it pretty?"

She chuckles. "It's all right, I guess."

Yuma is distressed. "Just all right, or really pretty?"

Kyouko frowns.

"Well, it's kinda pretty," she says, "but it's not nearly as pretty as you're going to be. I don't want to be like, giving it more credit than it deserves," she says.

Yuma smiles.

*It's mostly small talk besides that,* says Kyouko.

You nod. *Thank you*.

***

"I mean, I don't have any idea where the hell do we even start with it either," says Nanami. "But I'm worried about Yuuka, now."

"What we should do right now," you say, "is to unfold this shredder stuff, and get images of both sides, and see what Oriko is up to in the here and now."

"Oh!" says Mami. "Mami-chan can help!"

"Oh?" says Homura.

"The shredded papers are ribbons," she says, with a smile. "My specialty." She snaps her fingers, and winks, and the plastic bag rustles for a bit and glows yellow, and then, in a moment the papers, are whole again.

"Wow," says Homura.

"Oh," you say, reaching quickly for a lined sheet with handwriting that looks like the main agenda. "Thank you very much, Mami-chan. That saves a lot of work."

In truth it's not that much work, but time right now is more precious than usual, and unfolding them all would have taken more time than you would have strictly cared to expend.

> Article:
>
> Arranged showdown on school roof, Mami v Ryouko.
> Mami's witch wins. Police follow-up.
> *Officer Shiina* handles evidence.
> (But retrieve body and soul gem covers *after* trip.)
> Grief cubes unattended in Akemi Homura's kitchen drawer
> Deployed grief cube charger (see schematics)
> Simona in Madrid, rendezvous with time loop
> *get visa stamp this time*

You frown. Of course Mami can't just casually *read* this, or she'll ask *questions*... You send words of annoyance and warning to Machina.

"Retrieve body," you read aloud. "What might she be up to?" It's very strange and, of course, sinister.

"Well, it's moot now," says Nanami. "But what about the rest of it? I mean, how do we even use all that? Does this change the plan?"

***

**> what does this change?**

**\[x] \[Strategy] Airport plan is still on**
\[ ] \[Strategy] Drop everything, go to the beach\*
\[ ] \[Strategy] (write in alternative)

(\* Suggested on TTS Discord prior to updoot. No particular special relevance. Possibly joke.)

\[ ] \[Interim measures] Attempt to understand Oriko's unreasonable document using reason
\[ ] \[Interim measures] Ribbon Yuuka and ask for interpretations
\[ ] \[Interim measures] Ribbon Ryouko and demand answers
\[ ] \[Interim measures] Invent excuse why going back to Simona's room now by yourself is a good idea
\[ ] \[Interim measures] (write in other follow-up)

\[x] \[Airport] Confront Oriko and Simona in person, by yourself
-\[ ] write in choice words for the two of them
\[ ] \[Airport] Confront Oriko and Simona, but in disguise
\[ ] \[Airport] Bring the whole team after all
\[ ] \[Airport]
Other write-ins on topics of particular import are welcome.
