# Your lips drip nectar

**\[4] \[Interim measures] Attempt to understand Oriko's unreasonable document**
-\[2] using reason
**-\[2] using fear and paranoia, which seems to be a better predictor of what's going on then logic or reason.**
-\[2] Involve Machina, Ryouko, and Nanami. Tell everything relevant.

"So", you ask. "Anyone have ideas *why* Ryouko would be some sort of alternate universe future princess?"

"Uhm…" says Homura, a little awkwardly.

"Go ahead," you tell her.

"Well… I mean … Didn't Wakaba say it?" observes Homura.

"Say which?" you ask.

"She said you're from Crystal Tokyo. Isn't this basically just that?"

...

This time you are already sitting down.

But of course. It's the contemporary model of the magical girl in fiction. Governance prefers a more democratic vision, but a nostalgia for royalty is a staple of juvenile fiction in this era, and the magical girl from the future just has to be some sort of star princess. Even Yukari-san expected it. And Wakaba said it on the roof; she set expectations. Then the adventures were taken away. Nanami didn't just want to bring back dead friends, she wanted to restore that dream…

\*Machina-senpai, *you ask*. If someone wished your girl back to life so they could have adventures together, is being genre savvy a sane way to reason about the things that are going on in her life?

… Sometimes, *opines Machina.* The problem is that sooner or later you'll leave the part of your fate that's affected by a wish, and things are suddenly a lot more dangerous, and you're not prepared. It's not a substitute for regular reasoning.

I see,\* you say.

*That said,* she adds, \*you should try to take a broader view of it.

How do you mean?\* you ask.

\*You speak of Ryouko's life, \*she says, \*and of course, she's your priority. But you're from the future, and you're there at ground zero as well.

I really don't know,\* you reply\*. If we're talking in terms of stories, Ryouko's clearly the protagonist; I don't think I measure up to that at all.

Oh, Clarisse, let's not pretend that you weren't up to your own earth-shattering schemes back home,\* chides Machina. *I'm certain you have a part to play. Besides, who knows, maybe you got it all from her?*

Oh, goddess.

Well. You'll try to keep that in mind.

You take a deep breath. This is mostly going to be on Nanami, actually.

"Nanami," you say quietly. "If you could, without thinking about it too much, please summarize the major expectations for a star princess visiting from the twenty fifth century."

"Uhmmm," she says. "She'd … um … she'd fight the bad guys, while making friends and have adventures."

"Friends are good, on principle," you say. "What was your impression of Ryouko making friends?"

"That was… special," she says, almost reverently. "It felt like we were connected to something, like we were almost magical just by knowing her."

"I see," you say, pondering, and beginning to put together some of the pieces.

If this is somehow a result of Ryouko's *other wish*, then … maybe doing things like that are behind the connections. Everyone made solemn promises to each other on the roof, which was one thing, but then you and her decided to be *sisters* with each other, and to be *complicated* with Kyouko.

And then everyone falls in love with her. It's self-reinforcing.

It might not be a terrible wish for a princess, and if you squint at it right, you can see the Ryouko in it. She did want to be at the center of things, and to be very special. You're just not sure she'd be happy with so many peoples' attention like that. But then, if she hardly even notices…

It's a productive line of inquiry.

"Right," you say to Nanami. "What's the overarching plot?"

"I don't know!" she says.

"Make it up," you insist. "Be as unoriginal as you have to. What can I expect from the big season finale?"

"Well… everyone would go to the future, and save the past, with the power of love and friendship, or something."

You nod, slowly. That sounds nice. That sounds… almost too nice, given your impression of Nanami; she probably does still appreciate that sort of thing, but she knows she's from a darker world. And… there are little nagging questions from the document that hint at something wrong.

"Save the future from … war with aliens?" you enquire.

"… sure, I guess?" says Nanami.

"How do you defeat aliens with love and friendship?" you ask.

There's an awkward moment and Nanami looks at you funny, like she's afraid to say it.

"… Okay, so you've got teenage girls fighting your alien war," she finally says. "And that's cute, but clearly, something, I don't know what, but something is *seriously messed up* there, beyond simply 'aliens.' And that's your *original* future."

Oof.

***

With further discussion, you arrive at a working theory that there are three universes connected together: this universe, Governance future, and the Imperial future. You have to admit that you're biased towards the idea of your universe *not* being entirely replaced with a monarchy, but you have a few small pieces of evidence, things that don't line up.

For instance, as far as you can tell, there are two versions of Simona. You can't be entirely sure it's not just extreme time travel shenanigans, but it's enough to reassure Nanami that it's not her fault. There's no way that she could have enough potential to create a brand new universe from scratch, that's just way too over the top.

**\[6] \[Strategy] Airport plan is still on**
-\[3] (for now)
-\[3] Find a way to delay trains to Mitakihara should we need it

The paranoid thing, the *genre-aware* thing, is that you should really expect some sort of plot twist or complication at the airport. Which is ... problematic. But at the same time, you can't just *not go* and expect to avoid it. It'd be more or less inevitable anyway, and Oriko certainly has valuable information.

"At least in the airport we have Oriko at a physical distance from Mitakihara," you say.

"I see," says Mami. "We have a teleporter, and she doesn't, so time is on our side if we have to fall back."

"Precisely," you agree. "So if she's going to take the train back, we should work on ways to disrupt the train line and buy ourselves even more time."

Nanami puts on a thinking face. "I could see us disrupting the signals. Or the power. Or maybe the engines…"

"At a certain point," you say, "she may simply take a car."

"Right," says Nanami. "If we're really paranoid, we should disrupt the trains before she gets there, so that she has a harder time and there's more cars on the road. And generally just scout the place out."

Mami hesitates for a moment.

"Are you sure we should be doing that sort of a thing?" she asks, nervously. "Mami-chan is … hesitant to cause more trouble."

"No physical damage if we can help it," says Nanami.

"It still doesn't feel quite right," says Mami.

"Yeah, we're kind of messing things up," acknowledges Nanami. "But you know what's going to really mess things up? A witch / demon fight that threatens the entire population of Japan, and Oriko's gone and put that on the table too."

Mami nods.

***

-\[3] Task Machina with preparing combat tactics and briefing everyone
-\[3] Plan to steal the soul gem covers from the police evidence locker before Oriko can.
-\[2] maybe fake up some magical Decoy Gem covers that will fool mundane police.
-\[2] task Homura and Nanami with searching the rest of Oriko's house in timestop

Machina agrees that further experimentation with ribbons and time-stop might be warranted, and is eager to be involved. She hasn't actually had occasion to see all of Mami's ribbons tactics in person. *It's one of the funny things,* she notes. *The people with the prototype tac-comps are actually the least likely to use them for tactical direction.*

Putting it that way almost slightly worries you — but she's designed for this job, just as you were. And even early Mami is a natural tactician.

*I have the utmost of confidence in your abilities,* you tell her.

\*We should do the soul gem cover retrieval first, though, \*she points out. *It can only make this sort of thing safer.*

In the meantime, you head downstairs to share your findings with Ryouko. She's just about done helping in the kitchen, too.

***

"So Nanami recovered some files from Oriko's computer," you say, "which we think are legitimate. They paint an … *exceptionally* interesting picture of things. We think that there are three universes, and two versions of Simona, one from home, and one from the third universe."

Ryouko considers this. "Okay," she says. "Why are there three?"

"The third universe seems to be rather more like the early twenty-first century's impression of a future with magical girls," you explain, "and might have been connected thanks to Nanami's wish. Instead of Governance, there is a Star Empire, ruled by a Star Empress."

"An Empress," repeats Ryouko, with distaste. She dislikes this future already.

"Um, yes," you say. "There's an outside shot it's a constitutional monarchy, but I think it's a small one."

"Okay," she says.

"I think there's an alternate Ryouko in this universe, as well," you continue, "and the ribbon lets a little of that through where it wouldn't be otherwise."

She nods. "And the other me is … much closer to Simona."

"The phrase 'Ryouko's favored one' was used," you say.

Ryouko frowns.

"That's suspiciously flowery," she opines.

"Well, yes," you admit, "it is also implied that Chitose Ryouko is some sort of royalty."

"… *Chitose?*" she asks, confused.

"And also possibly worshipped as a living goddess."

Ryouko's face would be very funny if this wasn't so serious.

It's probably just as well to send the document now.

Your girl is somewhat at a loss.

"What can I even do?" she wants to know. "How do I stop from being… *that person?*"

"Avoid carrying magical ribbons, for starters," you suggest. "And definitely let me know if you notice any strange magical powers that you didn't have before."

She nods. "And if that's not enough?"

"Well\*\*...\*\* hold fast to who you are," you say.

"… Who is that?" Ryouko wants to know, for the question is still a little up in the air.

"Well," you say. "A committed republican, for starters."

She takes a deep breath.

"Yes," she says. "Okay. That's … something."

"Also, watch your temper, and don't snap at anybody," you say.

She nods.

"And … remember the people who are important to you."

She considers that a moment.

"They have an Asami," she points out.

Your girl's unspoken impressions here are worth mentioning. She has concluded that the Star Empire is a bad place, and moreover, Asami must be in a royal court that is full of evil people that don't want her. In short, Ryouko wants to save her from them, preferably *right now*.

"I'm not sure where to begin…" you admit.

"I don't care if it's another universe," says Ryouko. "Besides, they've already put their nose in our business."

"I mean, if she's in danger, that's one thing," you say, "but… what if she's not, and she's happy there?"

Ryouko hesitates to consider this situation okay.

"What happens if we end up with two of them?" you ask.

Ryouko frowns.

"We can't go collecting all the Asamis from all the universes just for \*this particular \*Ryouko," you declare. "She'd be jealous of herself pretty quickly. Though on the other hand, if you brought an Asami a second Ryouko, she might not know what to do with herself."

"I guess that's fair," says Ryouko, "but I don't like it. It doesn't feel like she's safe."

You take another deep breath.

"We might have to go to this future to save everyone in our future," you say. "It's … sort of what Nanami was expecting when she made her wish. And it's not as simple as leaving Asami in a dangerous place while we have fun, either," you say, noting Ryouko's train of thought, "it's *across time*, well in the future of a different universe, and we don't have any idea as to how the correspondence works."

Ryouko sighs. "I suppose," she says.

"But we'll *definitely* find some way to check whether she's all right," you reassure her. Because, well, if nothing else, the fact that this is her first guess about what's going on isn't reassuring, not if there's any chance at all that she has a fuzzy impression of this future anywhere in her mind. You shouldn't mention that, though, you'll just worry her.

"Good," concludes Ryouko, proceeding to imagine evil versions of all her friends doing mean things to Asami — though, as mean things go, they're actually quite mild: making fun of her, bossing her around. Ryouko's imagination of *cruelty* is pretty limited, which is probably for the best: a piece of innocence that war hasn't taken from her.

But still. This won't quite do.

"I wouldn't just expect you or all your friends to be evil," you note. "It's one thing to be anti-monarchy, yes, and I support you; it's another to reflexively despise anyone who lives there."

Indeed, Clarisse. A few of us are on your side.

***

"I'm home," says Papa.

The look on Papa's face is almost indescribable as he reminds himself that this is all real — that *you* are real… You are caught off guard.

"Um," you say, feeling almost put on the spot. "Welcome home."

"Yes," he says, a little dreamily, "It's good to be back…" He collects himself. "I have upgraded to the data plan you requested."

"Oh," you say. "Thank you." That will be really useful really soon, actually.

"You are quite welcome," he says. "And do not hesitate to ask me if you need anything else, of course."

"Well, actually…" you begin, a little hesitantly.

He smiles.

"Well, we've spent most of our petty cash on things like a cell phone for a magical girl who didn't have one…"

"I see," he says, with a twinkle in his eye, and chuckles. "I'll suppose I'll have to see if I can find a few yen here and there."

"Also," you add, "is it okay if we have some friends over to plan things? Because, ah, I kind of brought some friends over to plan things. And I was thinking … maybe a different friend over for dinner…"

He nods. "She's welcome, of course, at the discretion of the cook. Not that this should present a problem…"

"Ryouko's been helping," you note.

He nods. "I can't imagine it being any difficulty."

Well, you haven't gotten to the *real* serious asks yet, like ... real estate. And then there's the matter of Hitomi.

"I do need to tell you about something that happened —" you begin.

He holds up a hand, to interrupt, and then places it on his chest.

"My dear, the fatigue of travel weighs upon me," he says in apology, "and I am quite exhausted. Might it wait a short while?"

"Oh," you say, nodding. "Yes. It's very important, but not urgent."

"Thank you, my dear," he says.

You pause, tentatively.

"Yes?" he says.

You step forward gingerly, and place one arm around his back, and the rest of yourself against his front, and give him a quick hug.

"Thank *you*," you say, quietly.

"Ah," he says, and pats you on the back.

After a moment he lets you go.

"I'm going to get cleaned up, and have a short nap," he declares; "I'll see you and your friend at dinner, okay?"

***

**\[4] Invite Kyoko for dinner in the evening**

The doorbell rings, and you open the door, and then open your mouth, and try to say something.

"… What?" asks Kyouko.

"… You *changed*," you say. She's wearing a simple, but elegant, black dress.

"Yeah, well, I heard tell this-here was a high class establishment," she says.

"You didn't have to, all the same," you note.

"Hey now," she says, "I get to worry 'bout first impressions, too."

"Okay, okay," you say. "You look … lovely."

"Thanks," she replies, beaming.

"Papa is having a quick nap before dinner," you explain as you close the door. "We can all catch up upstairs."

***

Kyouko debriefs the others on Chitose Yuma. There isn't a whole lot more to the story than what you already know: at a certain point, she declared, "I've said too much already," shook her head and looked cutely serious, and that was that. Kyouko did get a glance at Yuma's ribbon, though: deep red, wide, with textured edges.

"I got out of there just before Kirika came back," she says.

You nod. "With a can of gasoline."

"I wonder what she's going to burn," speculates Nanami. "Not the whole police station, I assume?"

The crew, in any event, has been looking for information on airport layout, and constructing a model of where they expect to go. There are maps on the airport's web site, and there are pictures on social media, though the actual immigration and customs area appears to be a no-photography zone. Nanami is trying to find more pictures on travel websites, and video footage from the arrivals area to get a better picture of things. The other girls are helping remotely, though Madoka is distracted with family. Ryouko is a little distracted by looking at the images herself: all the little things that are different from the future, and some of the things that are the same.

Kyouko, in any event, is amused that you are willing to confront Oriko yourself, but seems to approve of the idea. Her real interest is in Oriko's document.

"Sakura Momo," observes Kyouko.

"Yes," you say. "Of course, we can't be quite sure it's the same person."

"Well who else would it be?" she asks.

"Realistically, there are probably lots of people who could have that name," you say. "We're dealing with enough magic here that she's probably not a stranger, but… she could be your daughter, or a great-great-granddaughter. Either way it's not exactly what you had in mind, I know, but…"

"It might almost be better if it's not her," she says with a frown. "I dunno about this priestess stuff."

"Oh?" she asks.

"Nine year old Momo would be *sorely* disappointed with her future self," she explains. "She would give herself a talking to."

"I see," you say.

"So we're going to head out on a mission in a little while," explains Nanami. "There's these nifty little soul gem covers that Oriko has designs on, like armor, basically, and we need to break into the police station to get them back. Then we have some experiments, and I want to look at some train systems…"

"Did we need replacements for the decoy gems?" you ask.

"I'm pretty sure I can just take the covers off," says Nanami.

"Okay," you say, slightly disconcerted.

"And Wakaba is coordinating the civilian preparedness drills," adds Nanami.

"We're all very busy," agrees Mami.

"I wanted to study certain magical effects with Kyouko," you say.

"Oh," says Ryouko. "I … actually, I promised that I'd help finish dinner, and set the table."

"… yeah, okay," says Nanami. "We can't expect everyone to just abandon family obligations. You've been doing plenty. Really really."

Homura nods.

"If you say so," says Ryouko.

***

-\[2] experiment with Kyouko's new magic abilities
-\[2] ...you did promise some alone time with her too. Was she serious?

You are sitting on the floor of your bedroom, facing your red-headed girl in her black dress. She's a bit of an attention-getter like this.

"So," you say to Kyouko.

"Mmm?" says Kyouko.

"Well," you say, "I guess we finally have a little alone time."

"…Yes?" she replies.

"I was just wondering, you know… how serious you were about that."

"Huh?" She seems confused.

"Well, you know," you say. "Two girls alone in a room together."

"… oh," she says, suddenly blushing. "I, um…"

She takes a deep breath.

"I actually hadn't thought about kissing yet," she admits, hastily.

"… Kissing," you say.

"Y-yeah, so, okay, maybe I never kissed a girl before," she says.

"Okay," you say, calibrating your expectations. "Did you perhaps want to start?"

Kyouko frowns, in determination, then leans over and gives you a little kiss on the cheek.

You try not to giggle.

"… You are absolutely ridiculous, you know that?" you say. "That's the sort of a kiss you give your little sister."

She frowns again. "Y-yeah?"

"Here," you say, "let me show you how it's done."

"Wait, wha—" she says, but you interrupt.

"See, like that," you say, gently.

Kyouko's props herself back up from the floor.

"Uhm," she says, blinking. Her cheeks are flushed a solid red.

"… is everything okay?" you ask.

She takes a deep breath.

"Your lips drip nectar," she declares.

You pause, quite surprised.

"T-they do?" you ask. That's… that's quite lovely, and unexpected.

"Honey and milk are under your tongue," adds Kyouko.

"… Oh," you say in realization. "*Oh.*"

"Your lips are like a scarlet thread—"

You throw a pillow at her.

"Hey, what's that for?" she asks.

"*That's* for confusing me about my teeth earlier… pomegranate-face."

She throws it back at you.

"Your teeth are like a flock of ewes that have come up from the washing," she declares, "and all of them bear twins."

"Help, help," you say. "I have a Christian girlfriend and she's *quoting Scripture at me*."

"Yeah?" she says. "Well take this. *Two fawns, that graze among the lilies.*"

"Oh," you say. "Oh, dear me."

"Anyway," she says, "A girl's gotta go with what she knows, ya know?"

You consider your redhead a moment.

"Your first kiss," you say.

She nods.

"… Mine, too," you tell her.

"Wait," she says. "… really?"

You nod. Well... no, you don't count Ryouko kissing Asami.

Kyouko squirms a little.

"I'm not sure we should go too fast," she says.

"Oh?" you say.

"It was nice, but … I might be a little more shy inside than I let on," she admits.

You nod.

"Taking things slowly can be special too," you note.

She nods. "Thanks."

"Anyway," you say. "The, um, *excuse* for us being here is to figure out your enchantment magic."

"So since when do I have enchantment magic?" she asks, a little confused.

"Since this afternoon," you say. "Meanwhile, I'm using the magical ribbon to borrow magic from an alternate timeline Ryouko, I think, so I can sort of sense it, and I think *that's* because we officially decided to be *complicated* together."

"… Huh?" she asks. "Deciding something like that is a magical thing now?"

"Well, Ryouko's really the source of the magic, I think," you say. "You should have seen her earlier; she had most of the girls swear an oath of friendship \*on her soul. \*Possibly channeling the alternate timeline just a little there."

Kyouko is a little surprised.

"She let someone else touch her soul gem?"

You nod.

"Well, okay then," says Kyouko. "Anyway, tell me more about this enchantment magic."

You touch the little red string gingerly.

"Can you feel this?" you ask.

She frowns.

"Maybe," she says.

You try it again.

"Hold on," she says, closing her eyes. "Barely. Can you do whatever you're doing a little stronger?"

You try a little stronger.

"Okay, maybe a lot stronger," she says.

Well, if she says so. You give it a strong pull.

Kyouko transforms.

She's not in her usual red robes, though; she's wearing … well …

There are dark red leg-warmers, and matching red arm-sleeves, each with spiked black leather collars on either end. Aside from this she's wearing … well, barely more than underwear, basically, with *garters*, and a flowing red \*something — \*you're not sure what to call it, it looks like a nightgown with spaghetti straps, except it's cut so that it barely covers anything up in front. Her hair is up in a pony-tail, also bound in spiked collars.

Your eyes go wide first, before she is able to make sense of things.

"Oh dear," you say. "Umm…"

Kyouko frowns. "What the … Clarisse, why can't I go back?"

"Uhm," you say. "I … don't know?"

You're not sure what to do. It's … a lot like a string, you can't really *push* it back to where it was…

There is a sound outside — it's your girl, she's running up the stairs with a stack of dinner plates; she didn't even stop to put them down. It takes you a moment to put that together too.

She is wearing the same thing as Kyouko, but with a green theme, and twin-tails for the hair... and her eyes are glowing golden.

"Clarisse!" she says. "What are you doing?"

You have no idea what you are doing. "Um... I'm..."

"Give me the ribbon!" she says.

***

**> oh my, how embarrassing!**

You appear to have discovered your Shenanigans for this episode.
You should probably do something about it.

\[]\[Awkwardness] Give Ryouko the ribbon, as she asks.
\[]\[Awkwardness] Try to solve this yourself, by using more ribbon.
\[]\[Awkwardness] Try to solve this yourself, by using *zero ribbon.*
-\[] And lock the ribbon away in a safe.
\[]\[Awkwardness] Try to solve this with Kyouko's magic.

\[]\[Kyouko] (... It's your relationship, write something in about it?)

\[]\[Papa] Tell Papa about Hitomi's incident earlier and Yukari-san
\- \[] Ask him about the hairpin
\[]\[Papa] Wait until *after* the airport to deal with the past
