# My minion thinks that she's my mother

\> Lock the door to prevent any unwanted parent intrusions
\> Question Ryouko why she wants the ribbon. Don't give it to her.
\>> Since her thoughts are clouded, it's possibly not our Ryouko. Try to ascertain her knowledge and motivation

You close the door behind Ryouko, and lock it, before turning to her.

"What do you need it for?" you ask.

Ryouko looks at you like you're dumber than a sack of hair. She looks down at what she's wearing, and back to you, opens her mouth as if she's about to say something, closes it, then folds her arms and glares at you.

"Why does it matter what I need it for?" she asks. "I said that I want it. That should be enough. Give it to me."

You relay a message to Kyouko. *The golden eyes seem to be a sign that something cross-dimensional is going on, *you tell her,* mediated by the ribbon.*

Kyouko … didn't get the message at all. She's entirely unreachable.

You glance in her direction, slightly panicked. Yes, still there.

Calm down. Probably the same reason as Ryouko. You'll get to the bottom of it, and explain to her in a moment, then.

In the meantime, your assessment of the situation is deteriorating. You back away slowly, in the direction of Kyouko.

"I'm inclined to believe it's dangerous to you," you insist. "I'm not inclined to give it to you when I don't know what's going on; not when you suddenly have glowing golden eyes, anyway. How do I even know it's you, and not some inter-dimensional impostor?"

"Oh, this is too nice," declares Ryouko, throwing up her hands, and addressing no one in particular off to the side. "My *minion* is looking out for me. She probably thinks that she's my \*mother \*or something."

Your mouth hangs open for a moment in shock and dismay.

Hearing that, coming from Ryouko,\* hurts\*.

"…Who *are* you?" you ask, in wonder.

You're really not sure at all, how much of the girl in front of you really counts as Ryouko. *Your* Ryouko would never say that, and that thought makes it hurt not so badly, but even if it's just a little bit Ryouko, it hurts a lot.

And it probably shows on your face, because Ryouko suddenly stops herself.

"… what?" she asks. " … Did I say something — I must have, I …"

You step back just a little further, and Kyouko is behind you, steeling herself in case she needs to protect you…

"Clarisse," continues Ryouko, "I'm… I'm sorry?"

She looks upset. She looks *very* upset, her eyes wide and a little wild, like the world is about to fall down around her, and she knows it's all her fault.

Breathe, Clarisse.

Don't panic. She needs you.

*Right*, you think to yourself.\* She needs me.\*

\> Try to solve this with Kyouko's magic.
\>> Have both of them pull on the connecting string themselves.
\>> Try using our magic connections to untransform them.

You turn to Kyouko.

"That thing that I was pulling," you tell her. "Do you think you can pull *back?*"

"Huh?" she says. "Um."

You can feel her pulling on it. It's strengthened a little.

"Aah!" cries Ryouko. "Stop! You're m-making it worse!"

She is beginning to cry.

Okay. This is deteriorating. So maybe instead…

\>> If that fails, use more ribbon.

You reach into your pocket, and touch the ribbon.

... of course.

It's not the feeling that matters here, not just the feeling by itself. There's a promise that carries the feeling. Your decision to be something for each other.

And it's all tangled in… what *is* this mess?

You step behind Kyouko, and close your eyes, and sort through everything invisible to the eye.

Kyouko's magic is one thing. But there's another thread that's come loose, a thread that runs back from her, to you, to Ryouko, and from there *back* to you, and to a dozen different places.

Oh.

This thread is *Nanami's* magic, from one of Nanami's feelings, her cupidity for the future's glories. It is strung to a grand nexus, a promise of Friendship, a strong one — a special one. You think you get it now. Ryouko's other wish gives her a sort of promise-magic, built on affection, commitments, *oaths —* like what she did on the roof. The bond is a conduit for sharing magic. *Unlimited magic power* indeed. And it's not *free*, but for a passive thing like that, it's quite efficient.

Tying Nanami's magic to Kyouko worked, but pulling on it has managed to snarl things. You were using your commitment to her, but you *weren't* using it for the sake of each other. Your goal was to make Ryouko safer, and so it's a terrible snarled mess of motives. Well, it's not a literal tangle, exactly; the magics aren't physical like strings, and can cross through each other. Nevertheless they can interfere.

You set it aright.

Apart from the tangle, the structure is almost elegantly intuitive. Actually, you have a good idea you know who did this in the first place. It's the same girl who told you that she had meddled with Nanami's wish. Her name is Clarisse. You're just not sure when you did it, but it seems to be the mechanism which has supplied the whole gang with cybernetic implants. Amy's there too — a fine catalyst for friendship she is, indeed — but a few things still don't quite add up. Mami wasn't there making promises. How do you have her and Machina in this?

Oh. Oh, that is *cheating*.

It's a separate connection; Nanami's relationship with Ryouko as senpai mirrors Ryouko's relationship with Mami, which would resonate, except *this* Mami never had that relationship, so you've shunted it over to a parallel, second-order, third-order resonance reflecting the relationship between you and Machina, you and Ryouko, Machina and Mami. And that's what's brought Machina is here to the past.

That is… both incredibly clever, and a little distressing. Machina hasn't objected to being here, but conjuring people like that doesn't seem quite right. You didn't have permission in advance… but then, what does count as *in advance*, in time travel?

Well.

Things are better now, but Kyouko's connection is still less stable than the others. In the long run, it might be more effective — magically speaking — if Kyouko swore the same oath as the others, and maybe Mami as well. But, well … something like that doesn't quite seem all that *casual* of a thing. For now, their participation will have to be indirect. It should be okay. Well, assuming that any of it is okay.

Once the interference is quieted, the rest of the structure falls back into place.

Ryouko's eyes suddenly stop glowing, and in an instant, she and Kyouko both de-transform into normal clothes, and she stumbles forward towards the two of you.

You quickly catch her, minding the stack of china.

"Ryouko?" you ask.

"Yes?" she says. She looks down. "Why am I holding plates?"

***

Ryouko's internal explanation of what exactly led up to this event is that she was setting the dining room table — in the room by herself, thankfully — when suddenly something happened to her magic, and she *knew* something was wrong, and that she also somehow knew that she needed the ribbon to fix it. The rest is somewhat a haze.

You find new distress in this for a couple of reasons. First, the ribbon telling her things. It's not direct manipulation of knowledge, more as if a little voice had told her it was so. You still don't like it, not when it's your girl. Second, there's a lapse in both Kyouko and Ryouko's technological accessibility. Their systems have recorded nothing, as if they were switched off the entire time. With Kyouko, that makes sense, but Ryouko's shouldn't have vanished. Is this cross-world interference? You don't like it.

But Ryouko should know about it anyway, so you give her an explanation internally. "I think I like you better as the Ryouko you are," you add, in conclusion. "She's a nicer Ryouko than the other one."

Ryouko is confused. *Am I nice?* she thinks, internally. She realizes she's not entirely sure, and she isn't quite sure what to think about this fact.

Is she supposed to be nice? Is she supposed to care a lot about being nice?

"For starters," you add, "you've never called me *minion*."

"Oh," she says. "That's … not very nice."

You nod.

"I should finish setting the table…" she says.

You nod, heading over to open the door. "I'm just glad that no one burst in and saw… Oh. Hello, Hitomi."

She smiles widely. "Hi, Clarisse, Ryouko. What's going on?"

"… Ribbon-based shenanigans," you summarize. "You know the type."

"Oh my," she says, with a giggle. "Sounds like you're having fun."

"No." You shake your head. "No fun was had at all by anyone."

"Clarisse," says Hitomi, "you *sent* me a book. I *can* read what it says about dinner plates."

"Huh?" asks Kyouko. "Why do you need a book on—"

"Some questions are best left unanswered," you insist.

Hitomi chortles.

"We can talk about it later," she says. "I'll see you three at dinner, anyway."

Ryouko is confused for a moment, but decides to just run with it. She nods and heads downstairs.

You let out a deep breath.

"So," you say. "*Complicated together*, I believe we said?"

"… Yeah," she says. "Explain all that to me again?"

***

\[X]\[Other] Steal and replace the whole decoys if possible, not just the covers.
-\[X] Get the covers before the airport for everyone's safety.
\[X] Make a note to swap the gas in Kirka's gas can with some other liquid before the airport meeting. If it's empty she'll know something happened, but if you hide the fact it's not flammable until the last second, that would be best.

You multitask during dinner to plan the additional raids with the magical girls.

Kyouko is being elegantly evasive about her family.

"I'm from Kazamino city," she explains, "but I have a couple of friends over here I visit sometimes."

"I see," says Papa. "It's a nice town. Your family happy there, I hope?"

She sighs. "We've seen better days," she says. "Slightly prefer not to talk about it."

"Well, that's too bad," says Shizuki Tomoyo. "I hope things are well with school and friends, at least."

"School?" asks Kyouko. "Never been better."

"That's good," says Papa. "What do you like to do for fun?"

"Honestly," says Kyouko, "I spend way too much time doing the dance games down at the arcade."

Shizuki Tomoyo's eyes light up.

"Oh!" she exclaims. "Dance, you say."

"Yeah?" asks Kyouko.

Hitomi smiles. "Mama loves dance. She's a creative consultant with the Mitakihara ballet."

"I'm afraid I don't dance much myself," adds the creative consultant, "but I'd be simply delighted to see a demonstration."

"Um… It's not that fancy kind of dance or anything," objects Kyouko.

"No no," she replies. "It's not the blessing of the academy that renders one form or another an authentic expression. If anything, it's on us to incorporate such new forms."

You can tell where this is going.

"Well," says Kyouko, "um, I guess I could —"

"After dinner, perhaps?"

"Um, yeah?" assents Kyouko.

"Ah, Mama," says Hitomi. "I think the others had some plans for after dinner."

"Wait, which plans?" you ask.

Hitomi nods, and smiles a little too broadly.

You shake your head No.

"Naah, it's all right," says Kyouko, innocently. "I'll need to figure something out for music…"

"Splendid!"

***

Kyouko is upstairs in the attic, giving a dance demonstration. Ryouko has found herself involved with plotting the timestop raids, offering her support in the form of teleportation. This leaves you downstairs in Papa's office.

\[X]\[Papa] Tell Papa about Hitomi's incident earlier and Yukari-san
-\[X] Ask him about the hairpin

"To begin with," you explain, "there's a ribbon. You saw it at work, earlier, a little. We've only had it for a little while, so we're still working it out, but it seems to connect people across time and space and universe."

Papa nods. "It's curious that you've found a magical artifact like this," he says. "I wasn't given to understand that any such things existed, quite besides this one. It sounds like it's very special."

"Perhaps," you go on, "but during the afternoon, it appeared to connect Ryouko to an alternate version of herself, leaving her… somewhat confused about her friends."

Papa frowns. "That's a little more troubling."

"Hitomi kept *looking* at it," you say, "like it was the most interesting thing in the world, and I actually said out loud that she should take it and play with it if it was so interesting. So… she did."

Papa nods, slowly. "And then something happened?"

"Then she ran down here, and opened up your box, and took out a hairpin, and then for the next little while we enjoyed the company of *another* girl named Hitomi. By which I mean, we chased her around the house, until she ran into Hitomi's mother upstairs, who promptly shanghaied her into serving as a model for one of her costumes."

Papa's eyes go wide. "And what happened to my daughter?"

"I understand that she enjoyed the company of her mother, who shanghaied her into serving as a model for one of her costumes."

"… Oh," says Papa. "… You know, I *thought* she was acting a little strangely that day."

"Were you there?" you enquire. "She didn't say that she saw you…"

"I don't imagine that she would," says Papa, opening the box and removing the pin.

You nod. "Can you tell me about it?"

He chuckles. "A long story."

"You have a photograph in there of Ryouko's friend from the twenty-fifth century," you note. "I believe that is also a long story."

"That sounds like it would be," he agrees. "Well. It's a lovely piece, good materials, quite well-made, and very special … but I'm afraid it hardly suits a middle-aged businessman." He sighs, and turns to you. "I don't suppose that you'd care for it?"

You blink in surprise.

"M-me?" you ask, acutely aware of the ribbon in your pocket.

"It wouldn't do to give it to Hitomi," he explains. "It strikes me as unwise, symbolic of all the wrong things. That's the sort of thing I would do if I were trying to make her into someone she isn't. But I should be quite honored to leave it in your care." He smiles at you. "May I?"

Oh, *stars*.

You feel very special again, and this is a special moment, maybe even slightly magical. You're not quite sure what you'll miss if you say no... but something tells you that this is the sort of offer that could prove *very* distracting.

***

**> choose as you think best, of course, Clarisse**
\> but I promise I will share many of my secrets if you visit

\[ ] Accept this gift
\[ ] Gently refuse this gift
-\[ ] Ask for something else
\--\[ ] a pony!
\[x] Run away screaming

If nothing terribly distracting happens we'll have a mini-doot before executing the airport plans in earnest, and hopefully finalize the airport plans after that. Do not be alarmed at the dearth of options related to your Oriko plots.

Note that I will be visiting family next weekend.
The doot may be during the weekend, or as late as Monday evening.
