# Where's my cake?

"Where's my cake?" asks Ryouko, idly. "I thought I said I wanted handcrafted 0-g lemon feather cake before the parade." She turns to the girl beside her. "You there! Go get me some darjeeling tea, and tell the baker to hurry!"

"I shall not," declares Simona, shaking her head.

"Ryouko," says Sacnite, wagging her finger, "you're being trouble."

"She's *always* trouble just before big events," you mutter.

About this moment, the quiet hum of the FTL drives drops in intensity.

You check the mission profile to be extra sure. This is ten minutes early.

*Clarisse to bridge*, you send. \*What's the situation?

Wardrobe malfunction from our soloist, \*comes the reply. What.

*How can you have a wardrobe malfunction with a magical girl costume?* you ask.

*I understand it's some sort of a prank,* replies the girl. \*I wasn't appraised of the specifics. Orchestra says she'll need ten extra minutes, I gave them fifteen just to be safe. It won't affect your orbits, will it?

We don't even technically have orbits at the speeds in question,\* you say\*. But there's some narrow windows in our interface with the Jovian system. Can you relay our current telemetry?

Telemetry is yours,\* replies the girl on the other end of the connection.

*Thank you,* you reply, making minor corrections, rearranging the flight paths. *Who do I have to thank for this particular distraction?*

The girl replies with laughter. \*Take a guess.

Really?\* you ask.

\*I mean, who else would dare?

I'll try not to be *too* much of a grump about it,\* you reply.

You're a little bit a grump about it. You *hate* parades, and this one is bigger than most.

"Clarisse," asks Azrael, from her perch in the corner. "Why are we slowing down?"

"Ryouko's fault," you say, standing up.

Ryouko puts down her drink on the table, and grins. "Did Chiaki find her surprise?"

"I wouldn't be recomputing our choreography if she hadn't," you note, drily.

"I have the utmost of confidence in your efforts, of course," she replies.

"Aww, Ryouko," says Azrael, "where's *my* surprise?"

Ryouko smiles. "Still thinking on that one, I'm afraid."

You shake your head. "So do I want to know what you did to Chiaki's costume?"

"Oh," she says offhandedly, "just a few extra curls, and ribbons, and things."

"A few," you repeat, skeptically.

"A few dozen," she allows.

Simona looks at her skeptically. "Are you quite sure it wasn't a few *hundred?*"

She shrugs. "I wasn't counting!"

Simona sighs. "Oh, Ryouko, you mustn't."

"Well," you say, resigned. "Are there any *other* surprises I should be looking out for?"

"If I just went and told you about such things," notes Ryouko, "they wouldn't be a surprise anymore."

"Ryouko, dear, you know how I simply adore parades," you tell her. "Imagine how distraught I would be if this one, for some reason, was anything but an *image of perfection*."

Azrael shakes her head. "Clarisse, have you been drinking?"

"No!" says Sacnite. "She hasn't had anything at *all*."

"Eighty percent of this exercise will take place at superluminal speeds," you note. "Someone needs to keep Ryouko pointed in the right direction."

Ryouko swallows the rest of her cocktail all at once, savoring the spice. "I really don't have any idea what you're talking about."

Simona shakes her head, and adjusts her hat.

"You couldn't wait for the party?" she asks.

"We are fulfilling an ancient tradition of the noble classes," says Ryouko. "It is known as *pre-partying*."

"Pre… that's not a *thing*," declares Simona.

"Whilst I should very much like to say otherwise," you observe, "it truly is."

Simona winces, and leans down to hug Ryouko, giving her a little kiss on the forehead.

"You're quite ridiculous, you know," she says.

Ryouko turns her head up to place a kiss on Simona's cheek, in return. "Who, me?" She chuckles. "What, because of this?"

"Because of *everything*," says Simona.

"You're not jealous, are you?" Sacnite asks Simona.

Ryouko reaches over to tickle Simona, and she lurches away, shaking her head. "Nuu! Not now."

"We have ten extra minutes!" says Ryouko.

"And if you two start tickling," you observe drily, "I am confident that we shall need thirty."

"Oh, Clarisse," says Ryouko. "It's a victory parade. We're *supposed* to be living a little."

Azrael shakes her head. "The pre-party is no good if it makes the party late. Besides, I'm starting to get claustrophobic in here."

"Oh!" says Ryouko. "I'm sorry, love, I wasn't thinking."

Azrael exhales, ruffling all her feathers.

"It's okay," she says.

You get up. "I'm going to go check on Ryouko's handiwork," you tell her.

Also… you'll need this more than she will.

"Hey!" says Ryouko. "That's my drink."

You take a large but carefully measured sip, less interested in the alcohol and more in the spices: pungent compounds harvested from the leaves of grief potatoes. It's like concentrated magic, and it burns, a little; Ryouko likes her drinks strong.

"And I'm your handmaiden, *and* your batman," you reply, "so if you think about it, that's two different ways it's still yours, isn't it?"

***

When you get there, Patricia is knocking gently at the door.

Alice, meanwhile, stands next to her, leaning with her back and one foot up against the wall.

"Just forget the skirt and come out anyway," says Alice. "I'm sure no one here would dare say a word." She seems a little bit bemused by the situation, but she's probably masking some annoyance, too.

"No!" says Chiaki, her voice muffled. "I said I *don't* want anyone to see."

"Do you need me to use the drill?" asks Alice, wryly.

"Definitely not!" Patricia replies.

"You're not helping," you tell Alice, as you gently push her aside. "Chiaki?" you call. "It's Clarisse. Are you still having trouble? Can I help?"

"Oh, praise the stars," says Chiaki, and she opens the door, "yes, please."

You are fortunate that you are very good at not-laughing. That is the frilliest skirt *ever.*

"I thought I had it sorted out, for a moment, with the ribbons" says Chiaki, quickly closing the door to keep Alice on the other side, "but now the skirt just keeps… fluffing."

You shake your head. "I think our girl has had just a little bit too much spice in her drink and it's gone to her head. It's a good thing I came."

She shakes her head at Ryouko's notorious habit. "You can fix it, though?" she asks.

Well.

With a structure like this to the spell...

You can't fight Ryouko with her own power. You'll have to cancel it instead, with an antimagic technique. That makes things more complicated. You'll just need to summon the staff.

… It's not like that's a big deal or anything.

You take a moment to ground yourself. It's all for the sake of the Star Alliance, *and* for Ryouko's well-being, and that of her friends, right? So in the end, you have been entrusted with this, and all the loyalties are there. "It would be best if you don't look," you instruct Chiaki. "Relax yourself, and stay centered; shut out the whole world until you know for sure that you're back to normal."

"Okay," she says.

"Are you ready?"

"I think so," she replies.

"No you're not," you chide. "I said the *whole world*. Just focus on you, and your sense of self."

She smirks, and focuses harder.

"Can you still hear me?"

She doesn't respond.

Are \*you \*ready?

Well, not really, but here goes.

"Key of the star, with powers burning bright," you whisper as quietly as you can possibly manage, "reveal the staff and shine your light. *Release!*"

And there it is. Again, no big deal. It's not like it's a quasi-sacred instrument of state power or anything, nope.

*It will be okay,* you reassure yourself. \*Legally, I'm an extension of Ryouko, so it's technically not forbidden. \*Besides, you have a small aura of power. No one will know.

As you reach for Chiaki, her skirt floofs out dramatically, almost bouncing you away — stars, it must be two meters wide at this point; the poor girl would have trouble even fitting through the door. No matter, though. You have just enough magic, and you only need to touch her gem.

You do so, ever so gently, and the excess fluff retreats, restoring her outfit to sanity.

"It's done," you say, banishing the star staff and letting yourself breathe again.

Chiaki opens her eyes, much more relaxed.

"All better?" you ask.

She nods, taking one last deep breath. "Thank you," she says.

"It's nothing at all," you insist.

"Really?" she says.

"It's one of my many duties," you say.

She considers for a moment.

"Well, if we're looking at it in those terms," she says, referring to your duties, "tell Ryouko I have dibs when we get back."

"Oh, my," you note. "What if she has other ideas between now and then?"

"She can't flirt with *everyone* before we get back," declares the girl.

"Can't she?" you ask. "This is Ryouko we're talking about."

Chiaki sighs, longingly. "I *know*," she says.

"In any event, I'll do what I can," you say.

"Thank you," she says. "And give her this for me too?"

She leans in and kisses you on the lips.

***

"Chiaki says she has dibs," you tell Ryouko as you return.

Simona sighs. "I thought that I had dibs."

"Also, a present," you say, relaying the kiss to your girl.

Simona is a bit glum.

"We should have simply opened a wormhole," she says, shaking her head. "That would be plenty impressive."

"Now, now," you say. "Three things. First, that's not visible from Jupiter. Second, that's not visible from the far side of the planet. Third, it's a security risk."

"We *annihilated* the alien threat," she objects. "The cephalopod over-brain, or whatever it was, is *gone*. What exactly is going to come through, and if it does, we can just summon that ridiculous railgun again."

"It's the principle of the thing," you say, leaving her other question unanswered. "Protocols exist for a reason, including protecting us against surprises. No wormholes from Earth to anything *resembling* a combat theatre. And the railgun…"

You pause.

"Yes?" says Simona.

You close your eyes.

"It would be unseemly to rely on divine intervention as a matter of routine."

Simona gazes over to Ryouko, and makes a real effort to be polite. You can tell; she doesn't even roll her eyes or anything.

"I see," she says.

"She's real, Simona, I promise," says Ryouko.

"I didn't say otherwise," notes Simona, eager to avoid a sore topic. "Anyway, the Prophet would have said something."

"The less we rely on Oriko saying something," you note, "the more effective she is keeping us from the big surprises."

"*Van Rossum* would have said something," she proposes.

"Clarisse van Rossum is back on Earth," says Azrael, scooting her stool back from the table to stand up.

"… oof," says Simona. "Okay, fine."

"So," you say, "now that Ryouko is finished her drink, we can —"

You stop. Ryouko is smiling way too hard. It's very suspicious…

Oh. She has a new drink.

She has a *new* new drink, actually. She finished another while you were gone.

"Why, but of course, I must finish," she says, running a finger along the rim of the glass, with a smirk. "Waste not, want not — hey!!!"

You quickly snatch the drink away, and proceed to down it all yourself.

… *Wow*, that's disgusting.

You cough.

Sacnite giggles. You must be making a face.

"Ack," you say, the warmth of the magical energy flowing through you. "Ryouko, are you getting ready for a parade, or were you planning to annihilate another planet?"

She shrugs nonchalantly. "The spice must flow," she opines.

"Addict," you say, accusing her.

"Proudly," she declares, with a chortle. "I invented that one this morning. Cthulhu's Revenge. Equal parts absinthe, squid ichor, and spice."

"Equal parts?!?" you ask. No wonder she's been burning off energy pranking Chiaki. On the bright side, you'll have lots of energy to drag her to the parade...

***

"Come now, put on your gear," you tell Ryouko.

She frowns, and squirms. "Do I really have to?"

"At sixteen \*c, \*skimming the atmosphere of inhabited planets? Yes, you need guidance," says Simona. "Even Azrael would, and she would know; it's her magic."

"She's right," adds Azrael, putting down her cup of hot tea on the table and stretching her wings. "I use it all the time."

"It's different for her, she's already got nanomachines inside her" says Ryouko. "Can't I just follow everyone else?" she asks.

Azrael regards Ryouko a moment, then returns to her cup of tea.

"The Star Princess, just following the rest of her crew, in her victory parade." You consider. "It would be a major political statement. I'm not against it, but would you be prepared for the questions?"

She sighs. "Not like that — I'm finally starting to get used to, well, *not* wearing it," she says.

"Oh," you say. "Bad memories, then?"

"What? Nothing like that at all!" she says. "It was lots of fun. It's just… too much icky technology right there on my head." She shivers.

You remind yourself that Ryouko is your girl. You remind yourself that you love her. You remind yourself that, before the war, would be utterly *scandalous* for royalty to be wearing technology of any sort. You remind yourself, mostly, that at least she doesn't think of you as icky in the least.

"Remember," you say, as you place the little clip over her ear, "it's only *on* you, not in you. And it's mostly magic anyway."

Old reassurances.

She nods. "I know."

She knows, but she still doesn't like it.

A faint translucent haze forms in front of her eyes, as the display materializes, then dissipates. It's not needed yet.

*Testing, 123,* you send over the connection.

*Still works,* replies Ryouko.

*Wrist computer?* you add.

*Do I still need that?* she asks. \*I have you.

Yes, and I remind you to take precautions.\*

Your girl is *such* a technophobe. Not that it's her fault, really. Besides, that *is* why she has you.

"Are you ready, then?" you ask.

She smiles.

"Star Guardians, Ready!" she cries out.

That's the cue.

Ryouko manifests wings, and begins to glow brightly in green, an extension the powers of a certain artist girl, Kashida Maki.

"… Race you all to Jupiter!" she adds.

"What?" you say. "No, *don't* make it a race—"

Too late, she's gone.

"Oh, you are *on,*" says Azrael, lurching after her.

Chiaki turns on her blue light, and the music. "I still have dibs," she says.

***

You compute all the course corrections while chasing Ryouko at superluminal speeds just to make sure you're close enough to give them to her. Not that she'd really hurt herself (that's what the *other* computer is for) but to keep the choreography in sync. The girls, trailing bright colors, are sketching out patterns around the Sun and planets like fireworks, an intricate interplay of color and light and time, especially given the lightspeed propagation.

The highlights, of course, are the patterns around and through Jovian ringworld and the grand finale at the Crystal Palace, hovering above Mitakihara at the edge of space.

It's *not* perfect, but the number of people who notice is probably small, and the number who really *care* are probably in the low hundreds. Unfortunately, many of those are liable to be there and to give you grief.

Does the Empress *really* care about parades to that level? It's hard to say; she plays up the childlike aspect with a sense of otherworldliness, of distance.

In either case, you think might prefer to lay low for a little while.

***

The approach to the Crystal Palace is strewn with rose petals, and lined with trumpeters. You're on the planet-facing side, of course, so local gravity thinks Earth is *up*, and the planetary surface looms above the towers and above your head. It's night, so all the eyes on the ground right now will be looking up at the last of the color-trails as the girls land and switch them off. You wonder how many people are watching. Every amateur telescope in this hemisphere is pointed at you right now.

"Okay, everyone," you say, as you approach the stairs, "the reception is in three hours. Until then…"

"Cuddles?" suggests Sacnite.

"Dibs on Ryouko," notes Chiaki.

"Hey, but I won the race," says Azrael. "Me too."

Simona is about to say something, but she's interrupted.

"*Until then*," reiterates Ryouko, "I will be catching up on some sorely-needed beauty sleep."

"Aww," says Ruiko. "But you're so beautiful already."

"Sorry, everyone," she says, with a smile. "The cuddle puddle will have to wait until *after* dinner."

"Hush," you say, as you are reaching the palace steps.

At the top, the captain of the palace guard is there to meet you, the lady Kire Kirika. Ryouko approaches carefully, ahead of the others, and curtsies. You stay back. The two of you have never really liked each other, and she's a bad influence, but she's one of Ryouko's favorites.

"Welcome back, squirt," says the lady.

"It's good to be back, Auntie," replies Ryouko, embracing her for a moment.

"Did you kill any squid for me?" asks Kirika.

"All of them," says Ryouko.

"Well, I am *totes* jealous," she declares, "but I taught you good, didn't I?"

***

In her bedroom, you unbuckle the wrist-mounted computer and Ryouko's headset.

She looks a lot less excited in private.

"How are you holding up, dear?" you ask.

"I don't know," she says.

"Well," you say. "If I had to guess, you're glad the war is over, but you're not so sure about what comes next, and you feel a little bad about how much you're going to miss it."

She considers that for a moment.

"Yeah," she says. "A little."

"Well," you say. "It was inevitable, I suppose. You always wanted to be out there, making a difference, and doing something that matters, but if you're fighting a war, then you would hope that making a difference means an end to the war. So we'll just need to find something else to do during peacetime."

"There's something else, though," she says.

"Oh?" you ask.

"It's something the goddess said," she explains, "and it's important, and it's making me think."

You reach to help her into a nightgown. "What did she say?"

She doesn't respond immediately, and stands silently while you button it up.

"Clarisse," she finally asks, "if you had to pick between a life where you could do whatever you wanted, and, taking care of people who are dear to you…"

"Oh, Ryouko," you say, just a little wistfully, "you know that I have always been committed to taking care of you.""

She nods, thinking it over.

"Maybe I'll talk to her again," she conclude.

"That might be good," you suggest.

Ryouko snuggles into bed, and she lets you tuck her in and kiss her gently on the forehead like she's still a little girl. She's a little old for something like this, but with all the war and fighting, you try to protect Ryouko's innocence where you still can.

***

You step outside the royal suite, and gently shut the door.

"Good evening, miss Clarisse," says a voice.

You turn to look at the speaker, a lady with long flowing hair, in a plain and simple dress. Her sole concession to ornament is a hair-pin in the shape of a carnation.

Her name is Shizuki Nadeshiko and she's a somewhat enigmatic personage. No, that's not quite right. It's her situation, really: she has no titles of her own, she's not even a magical girl, but she is often found coming and going to the Crystal Palace. The consensus seems to be that she's the plaything of Shizuki Tomoyo — now, *she's* enigmatic, but Nadeshiko herself is simple and kind. She administers charities; in particular, she's behind the Shizuki orphanages, who aren't at all picky about what kind of orphans they let in, but seem to end up with a surprising concentration of magical girls. And Nadeshiko is one of a very few people who has always, consistently, gone out of her way to treat you with kindness and respect. Of course, she probably does that to everyone — and perhaps that is the point.

"Good evening, Nadeshiko-san," you reply.

She smiles. "I was wondering if I might have a word with you," she says.

You glance over your shoulder. No one's here.

"I would be happy to," you say.

"Shall we walk in the garden?" she asks. "The far side, so we can have a little more privacy."

***

"So it seems that with Ryouko's help, our war is finally over," says Nadeshiko. "The cephalopods are vanquished. And the distant Phong are quiescent. We may have peace for a long while."

"Yes," you say. "That would be quite lovely."

"So tell me of Ryouko's batman," she asks. "What will become of her in peacetime?"

"I shall continue to look after her, of course," you say.

"And return to being her handmaiden, then, once more?" she asks.

"My place is at her side," you say.

"Is that all, then?"

This inquiry has you a little off balance. If it were someone else, you would expect it is someone testing you, perhaps on behalf of the empress, or perhaps to tempt you into some unwise conspiracy. If it is Nadeshiko-san asking, though… she of all people might ask such a thing innocently. In either case, it occurs to you that it might be best to get to the heart of the matter sooner rather than later.

"Why?" you ask. "Did you have something else in mind?"

"Well," she says, "how would you feel about being the next patroness of the moon?"

You stop in your tracks. There are many ways in which this fails to make sense, and you're not quite sure which to follow up first.

"Did Tomoyo-sama send you, to ask me this?" It's her title, after all, and if someone were using Nadeshiko, it would be her.

"No," replies Nadeshiko. "But she'll allow it, if I ask."

"Oh, would she?" you say, reconfiguring your mental models of how those two fit together. "How would that even be possible, though?" you ask. "Legally, I mean."

"Well," she says, "there would have to be an adoption, certainly."

Oh, stars. That alone would be… *unspeakably* provocative. An uproar.

"Is that even lawful?*"* you ask.

"Our imperial charter grants us *remarkable* latitude," says Nadeshiko, with a smile. "Technically, I don't even have to ask your permission, though of course I would ask anyway. And you wouldn't even be the first of your kind in our care."

"Maybe not," you allow, "but were the others clones of the Star Princess?"

Nadeshiko shrugs. "A minor detail, so long as you are parentless. Of course, your obligations to her come first. I would not keep you from your purpose."

Oh, yes, of course. A *minor detail.* Much like giving an artificial intelligence a title of nobility.

"… So why me?" you ask, still uncertain as to her motives.

"Because I like you," she says, reaching up into her hair to undo the flower in her hair. "It is my joy in life to collect fine treasures, and I believe that you're something very, very special. Not just because you're a clone of Ryouko, either, but on your own merits. You take care of Ryouko, but it's more than that. You've never been afraid to go above and beyond the narrow-minded vision of who Ryouko ought to be, or for that matter, who *you* should be, yourself."

She offers you the hair-pin in her hand.

\[3] Explain why the hairpin terrifies us

"… You're wrong about one thing," you say.

"Oh?" asks Nadeshiko.

"I am *frequently* afraid," you say. "I'm afraid right now."

"Well," remarks Nadeshiko, "I suppose you have reason. It would be sort of a big deal, wouldn't it?"

"That's one part of it," you admit. "And of course, I have to consider that this might be a trap, or some ploy to get to Ryouko. But what you just said, about a narrow-minded vision of who she ought to be?" You shake your head. "Someone once put the matter to me the exact same way, and *that's* what really scares me."

She nods. "Yes, Clarisse can be scary sometimes."

Well, yes, like when she leaves you a message like *that* one, from before you existed, warning you explicitly to never tell a soul.

You take a deep breath.

"Well then," you say, "if this is a trap, I suppose I am already caught."

"Oh, dear me," says Nadeshiko. "You make it sound so conspiratorial!"

You contemplate the flower

"It looks old," you say.

"Indeed, she says. "Five centuries, so, even older than me. It was a present from my dear friends."

\[3] ask for names, maiden names, appearances

"Will you tell me about it?" you ask. "And about them?"

"Well," she says. "Back then, there was a rather sweet girl, Yukari Hitomi, who had a rather big crush on me, and I'm afraid to say that I was rather cruel to her. So one of her friends, Daidouji Tomoyo, decided to set me straight, even though it did take a while to sink in. She would parade me around in the most embarrassing outfits."

You tilt your head.

"I was rather under the impression that Tomoyo-sama was the Shizuki matriarch to begin with," you say.

"Oh, no," she says. "I suppose we do give that impression, but that was much, much later. But in any event, Hitomi-chan gave me the flower as a gift, though the one who gave it to her was Tomoyo-sama, because Hitomi never could afford such a thing."

You nod.

"It was a little more than a gift," she explains, "it was a gesture of acceptance, from everyone." She grins. "And then Tomoyo-sama went and started dressing up Hitomi-chan instead."

You half-stifle a laugh.

The two of you proceed on around the garden, as she tells you of her friends, their adventures together.

In the end, you're pretty sure that she genuinely likes you. That needn't mean it's *not* a Shizuki Tomoyo plot, as well, but Nadeshiko is here right now out of pure affection.

"Is there anyone else who's still around from way back then?" you finally ask her.

"All the way back then?" She pauses. "I'm afraid not. Time has been cruel. The next generation has fared much better, of course. Including our empress."

You nod.

She unfolds the clip on the back of the pin, and turns to look at you.

"May I?" she asks.

— \[2] and after … enquiring after Simona?

"Well," you say, "just tell me one more thing. When you adopted Simona, was it a big deal like this too?"

Nadeshiko laughs. "Oh, no, that was a big thing for quite different reasons."

**\[6] Accept this gift**

She clips the pin closed, and embraces you.

You return the embrace, and … blink a few times.

\[3] arrange continuous status updates to Ryouko and Kyouko

Your status updates have stopped.

It's actually quite strange. Ryouko is not available. Kyouko is not available. Where are they? You're a little confused. Something has probably happened.

Something has definitely happened, because you're in the garden of a castle in the sky and it's the twenty-fifth century again and Ryouko is a princess and *you aren't even running on the same operating system you usually work with.*

***

**>**

\[] Ask questions internally
-\[] about the message Clarisse left you
-\[] about parade and party logistics
-\[] (write in)
\[] Ask questions externally
-\[] (write in)
\[] Look for a way out of here, posthaste
\[] when in trouble and in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout
