# Ryouko is the center of everything

The nice thing about internal questions is that they're not too terribly hard to get answered all in parallel.

**> Ask internally:**
\> for a brief history of SA
\> about what SA is about, in particular how non-magicals are treated, and what are "others"
\> What kind of tech they are using here, particularly magical girls, particularly Simona

The Star Empire is about three hundred years old, formed after the Unification Wars, and is the largest and most powerful government in the Star Alliance. The others are less important colonization efforts, founded by humans, or part-humans. The Empire prefers fewer planets with massive investment in each; the other colonies are smaller and spread across the galaxy.

Technology is omnipresent, but despised by the nobility. As such, there is no comprehensive program of magical girl implant technology; computers are things that they *wear.* The more sophisticated ones use magi-tech interfaces to interface with the brain. Cyborgs are objects of suspicion and disgust.

Simona favors a wrist computer and a heads-up display. The wrist is considered a good place for a computer if you work with it a lot; the nerves of the arm are easy to interface with, and distant from the actual brain, a more sensitive area.

\> if something historically outstanding happened in 1985
... Nothing too remarkable.

\> what are the "others"
Well, it's a catch-all term, probably used casually... it looks like there are a variety of genetically engineered demi-humans, artificial intelligences, and cyborgs.

\> about grief potatoes
The Empire says that they're solar-powered. They grow them around Jupiter, which has been converted to a small star and a ringworld.

\>- about how Ryouko's connection magic is used.
\> Look into the connections between people like we did just before. Who is connected, and what are the connections built upon?
\> about Star Defenders, Star Avengers

It's nested. Ryouko is the center of everything. The Star Guardians are pledged to protect Ryouko personally, her friends, and have access to everyone's magic. The Star Avengers are a larger group who fight alongside her, source of many shared powers. They're strongest when they out fighting together, otherwise Ryouko would no doubt have been kept in the palace. The Star Defenders are basically the magical girl branch of the military. They can receive certain magics, but less strongly than the rest. They are connected by their oaths of allegiance to serve Ryouko, and to defend the empire. Your position in all this is to arrange and dispatch the magics as tactically necessary in the heat of battle.

\> What is this "staff"?
\> What does it means to be a Moon Patroness?
The staff is one of the ceremonial instruments of imperial power. Some people say it used to belong to a different magical girl, long ago. It's really kind of a big deal; even the Empress needed the help of the moon patroness to pledge its powers to the Star Guardians, for the benefit of the Star Alliance. This is probably a key reason the position exists. Besides that, its meaning is obscure.

\> How Nadeshiko lived this long
Presumably, through Shizuki Tomoyo's magic.

\> what is known about the Goddess
\> about Yuuka, Momo, the other girls

It's an obscure cult, but Yuuka is the ceremonial bride of the death goddess.
Sakura Momo is a temple maiden; there's a shrine on the palace grounds.
Ryouko said that the goddess is pinker than she expected, but didn't explain more.

\> about sartorial magic
That would be Shizuki Tomoyo's, presumably.

\> about Asami
\> about the slipper princess
Nothing.

\> about the location of the squid overmind (I'm sure the Governance will love that info if we ever get back)
You stare at the coordinates, burning them into your memory.

\> any further general info on state of the galaxy, particularly alien species. What are "eee"?
There are Incubators, the squid, and the Phong. The last of these is thought to be rather distant. There were a few conflicts — skirmishes, really, no real war — and they appear to be steering clear.

\> about Simona's abilities
Simona has wormhole powers with a 2,000 light-year range and wears an orange dress, with silly frills, very much like a certain Ryouko that you know. Princess Ryouko's outfit is... princessy. It's white, with light green trim, a tiara, delicate glass slippers with a short heel, shoulder-length gloves, and tulle tails.

***

These remaining internal questions have been reorganized for dramatic purposes.

\[x] Ask internally:
-\[x] Ask about Ryouko's treatment of people, especially us.
\--\[x] Is there anything in her from the Ryouko we know and love at all?
-\[x] about Simona's temper (particularly, her skill at reading people)
-\[x] about who the current Empress is
-\[x] and how Ryouko is the princess
-\[x] about Ryouko's biological parents. And family in general
-\[x] about the message Clarisse left you
-\[x] about our nature. How are we a clone and an AI in this timeline?
