# and give your daughter here a name

\[1] ask lots of questions
\[3] oh goddess too many questions

Oh, goddess. Too many things to know, and the system is stacked against you, badly. For instance, the calendar. It is Year 161, the 30th of Hope; it seems to be a spring month roughly corresponding with March, though it appears that in the calendar there are only 12 months of 30 days each. You're not sure how much sense that makes.

Oh, right. You were just looking at astronomical tables earlier, for Ryouko. It makes a lot of sense; they've simply *modified the length of the day*.

You cannot help yourself but laugh a little.

"What's so funny?" asks Nadeshiko, gently.

"Sorry," you aver, "Just… this is something I didn't expect, at all."

"I can imagine," says Nadeshiko, smiling, and giving you a hug.

***

\> ask about the world you're in

You make a note to containerize this search process a little better, which would also be straightforward if you were on a Governance operating system, but it isn't. The hardware is roughly comparable to your own, but someone has *not* devoted similar resources to actually designing the systems which people use everyday. Any number of things that were once as natural as breathing now require attention and an expert operator.

So you try your best.

Welcome to the Star Empire, dominant political entity in the Star Alliance, consisting of humanity and, in what might be the most positive spin you'll see placed on it while you're here, humanity's sister races. The empire itself is ruled from the Crystal Palace, which is about 1km to a side and hovers directly over Japan, just at the edge of the atmosphere.

Your glorious empire's current structure was determined at the end of a series of wars in what the histories describe as the Mundane Era, with the end of the Masquerade and the installation of the doll-like Empress Yuma Chitose, leading into a period of interstellar exploration and expansion in which the various matriarchies competed for prestige and influence through expansion of their territories amongst the stars. A few of these were independent, but now are part of the Alliance. A lot of the information on this, however, is censored.

As far as the other values…

Things are very very showy. The spectacle earlier is a large-scale example; current news coverage compares it favorably to other grand fetes; no one has actually painted the Solar System before. The usual playbook involves grand performances, perhaps with the debut of several newly engineered species…

Which is the other big thing, and it's too big to dive into in detail, but the genetic engineering capabilities here are quite clearly insane, and the question which overshadows the victory celebrations in the Analysis columns is whether the victory means that various movements to expand rights to the impure classes is likely to be a problem again. It uses those words. The foundational principle seems to be that preserving and expanding a "pure" center of humanity is of the utmost importance: *Our victory reminds us of this. If we do not protect our humanity, then we shall perish, pure and impure alike.*

Because only the normal humans become magical girls, and the exact number is a carefully guarded secret but what's not a secret is that there's *not enough* of them. The Star Alliance's military might is not enough to fend off the aliens, even with genetic freak super-soldiers as cannon fodder. The columnist proposes extending the Star Alliance treaties with fertility programs for pure humans and "appropriate" restrictions on the others.

And it doesn't exactly say it, but you're pretty sure that's why the nobility are technophobes. They've built a mythology around not being engineered, or modified, or just generally technological at all, because all of that is *icky*.

***

"You look unwell," says Nadeshiko. "I've overwhelmed you. I'm so sorry."

"It's not that," you say, trying to deflect. "I think I just… need a moment," you say.

She nods. "Shall I walk you back to your room?"

"Yes, thank you," you say, distractedly.

***

\> Ask about Simona

Priorities. The most urgent matter is people in both universes, and the most urgent matter is Simona and her powers, and you have data on them because she fights as a Star Guardian.

Simona's fighting style involves a compound bow. And in this universe, she has wormhole powers, and they put Ryouko's to shame.

2,000 light years. Not kilometers, light years. It wounds your pride.

Except for just one thing. She's slow.

More specifically, Simona's wormholes are *crazy* slow. These are clearly strategic wormholes, not tactical; the minimum time for a minimum distance wormhole to open is an entire second, with a minimum ten second cooldown, and they are quite visible. As an exception, she can use mini wormholes to teleport her arrows and shoot around corners, where the restriction seems to be that she has to see the corner.

Ryouko's teleports, by contrast, are essentially instantaneous, with a sustainably repeatable cooldown of ten seconds and a minimum of 100ms.

But still … that record … Ryouko's going to have to put in some practice with Asami when she gets home, that's for sure.

\> ask about Oriko

Your data is limited. For instance, you have very little about Simona's personal history or attitude, or even Ryouko's. It seems that's all in the part of memories which are missing right now. Likewise, you do not have anything on Oriko — except that she's *not* a Star Guardian, not even technically a Star Defender, and has neither sworn loyalty to Ryouko nor pledged any power to her aid.

There's no "Prophet" or "Oracle" as an official title anywhere.

\> about Momo and Yuuka

They have residences at a shrine to the goddess of death on the palace grounds. It's not that far, maybe five minutes? It's not indicated as a restricted-access place on your maps.

If you did have to guess a place for the ribbon, it'd be there.

\> others in the Gang of Nice

They're not in any records.

\> does Shizuki Tomoyo have a living husband?

You don't have any indication of that. You think... you think she is with Nadeshiko.

And Nadeshiko makes you feel special.

\> about individual powers of all Star Guardians
\> or any other MGs we can know of
Oh, goddess, there's a lot of those. Sacnite's listed power is as you remember it, whereas Azrael's wings can actually fly her (and all of you) through space. Ruiko does unarmed combat, and has a surprisingly mean right hook. Chiaki is listed with surprisingly flexible music / sound powers; the magic works as a barrier generator, and as a morale aid.

\> ask about how Ryouko is managing her harem
You're pretty sure that *you've* been managing it, which is why you have a list of people claiming dibs on Ryouko. It looks remarkably like an incident list. You've also noted when people have given you kisses to relay to Ryouko. It appears to be routine, and there are specific recordings of precisely what the kiss was like.

\> about Ryouko, and you, and your natures, and the message from Clarisse
At the top level of your filesystem you find a specially encrypted recording.

***

**> be nobody**

You are looking at a research facility through what appears to be a fixed camera. The standard Star Empire style translucent blue displays float over rows of equipment — life support systems, tanks filled with a deep green fluid. Cloning vats, you suppose. There is a wide door opposite the camera bearing a variant of the imperial seal that designates it clearly as Serious Business. On the other side of the closed door is an argument.

"I'm afraid I simply can't allow it," says the first voice.

"Of course you can," says the second. "I'm authorized at the highest levels."

"I don't think you understand," says a third. "You'll have to show us an authorization from the Empress herself for this specific door."

"I don't think you understand the level of carte blanche that I operate at," says the second voice.

"Pray tell, explain," says the first.

A narrow slit of light is visible under the door.

"But of course," says the first voice, and the door slides open, revealing the speakers. The intruder is Clarisse van Rossum, and the other two voices are scientists. You don't have nomenclator data for them, but you recognize them from another universe. Ryouko's parents. Shizuki Kuma, Kuroi Nakase. They're looking at van Rossum with a strange, expectant expression. You have the suspicion that they're being mildly mind-controlled.

Clarisse inspects the display in front of her, with a look of mild confusion. She remains looking for a full fifteen seconds before speaking.

"Who is she?"

Ryouko's father shrugs. "She doesn't have a name. We thought it best not to get too attached."

"I see," says van Rossum, mulling over the matter a few times. "I had been under the mistaken impression that this had something to do with our fluffy friends."

"Ah," says Ryouko's mother. "Not quite. She is to be the nursemaid, and later, the handmaiden, to the imperial heir. We have the genome all ready, but actually grow her clone *first*, suppressing the development of the brain until we are ready to install a hybrid, part organic AI. Then we proceed to the second phase, which is more natural—"

"Oh, goddess," says Clarisse, turning her head. "That's entirely disgusting."

"Ma'am?" asks Ryouko's father. "I know that this is a particularly sensitive matter, particular where royalty is concerned, but the genome is quite pure, and it's certainly a much lighter touch than growing the princess herself in a tank…"

Clarisse makes a little gesture, and he stops talking, but she looks very upset.

"Ah," says Ryouko's mother. "I see. You take the animist position? You'd ascribe a soul to an AI. Or at least, an organic one."

"Ma'am," says Clarisse, "I would ascribe a soul to a stray cat."

She nods. "That sort of pan-animism is an attractive position in several ways, I just could never find the evidence to convince myself—"

Clarisse makes a little gesture with her hand and stops her.

"You were about to boot an AI," she says.

"Yes," she says.

"I will need to interfere with it." She looks over to the side. "The computers you are using are physically in this room?"

"Of course," says Ryouko's father.

"Interfering with it," as Clarisse put it, takes place at the edge at a console at the edge of the camera's line of sight. She directs the two scientists generally for a few minutes, and then proceeds over to the computer array, a series of several sealed tower units slightly taller than a human.

Summoning her magic, she places her hands on the computer and, with a glow of light, extracts a book. It unfolds, full of blank pages.

"Thank you," she says to the scientists. "I'll just be a few more moments, and then you can begin to erase the security footage."

She has summoned a quill pen from somewhere, and writes in the book as it hovers in front of her; you can't *see* it, but at the same time, you *know* what she's writing. It's not in the recording, it is somewhere in your soul.

\*\*I thought you had the right to know.

The Empress has commissioned you to be born a slave, to incubate and care for a child who will be a savior, and maybe an heir.

I will not free you. Indeed, I could not; you would be destroyed, and another made in your place. Instead, I will grant you a precious curse. I will write into your soul things that your creators would not bargain for: bold passion, a tender heart, and the dream of freedom. You will love your bonds, even as you chafe at your bondage. And when they tell you to love and take care of the child, you will not let their narrow-minded vision limit your imagination of what you can help her become.

I hope for my sake that someday that you will be able to forgive me, but I hope, for your own sake, that you will be angry.\*\*

She shuts the book, taking it with one hand, and magics the feather-pen into a bubble, before looking at the two scientists.

"Forget all of this after you erase the security footage," she says, and a glow of her magic is visible in their eyes.

She pauses before she leave to issue one final instruction.

"And give your *daughter* here a name."

***

**> be Clarisse**

You are somewhat dazed. What were you doing? Where are you?

... "what were you doing", \*besides \*distracting yourself terribly with internal inquiries.

Ah. You're at the door of Ryouko's rooms. You walked here, somewhat on autopilot, and Nadeshiko gave you a hug and squeezed your hand, and she said you could talk more later tonight, and with Shizuki Tomoyo too. Nadeshiko said that's okay, and that she should check in on someone else herself; she's probably brought an orphan to visit the palace...

But there is a commotion.

Someone is running down the hallway in your direction. You turn to look.

Asami is running down the hall towards you. She's wearing a middle school uniform, though she's just this moment lost a shoe. She looks absolutely *terrified*.

There are two voices calling out after her. One of them is Simona's voice, the other you are less familiar with.

\[ ] Hide Asami in Ryouko's suite
-\[ ] Lock the door and pretend not to be there
-\[ ] Confront Simona and demand answers
\[ ] Catch Asami and wait for Simona
\[ ] Use magic, in Ryouko's name:
-\[ ] (write in magics and purpose)
\[ ] Distract yourself with a million billion trillion more questions
\[X] Scream externally
