# D-do you think that I need a diagnostic?

\> hide Asami somewhere nearby
\>> use sound magic to misdirect

Your systems indicate a stairwell nearby. A narrow spiral staircase leads up one story to an access point in the garden on the star-side of the palace, decorated as a small gazebo. Downstairs, a broader staircase around a central column leads to one of the shorter of the castle's upside-down towers, and just below there should be a maintenance room in the staircase column that can fit the two of you.

You place one finger over your lips as a "ssh" motion, and beckon her with the other. You grab your hand as she slows down, looking a little confused about what's going on.

"Hiding place," you say, using the magic to aim the sound quietly at her ear. "This way."

It's not a major magic draw. Chiaki probably won't even notice. A little sound magic provides you with a sphere of silence, and a little more makes it sound like Asami is running upstairs; the sound of the door to the gazebo slamming shut with a satisfying *chonk* finishes it.

The two of you wait, hidden, as Simona runs past. Whoever that other girl was doesn't seem to have followed her.

You turn to Asami.

"Are you okay?" you ask.

She nods. "Y-yeah, I'm … f-fine."

"Okay," you say to her, gently. "A question for you. Do the words 'hero of orpheus' mean anything to you?"

"… H-hero of Orpheus?" she stutters. "That's … that's the princess, right? R-Ryouko-sama. "

You take a deep breath. It's not quite the universe-discrimination question you might have hoped for.

"Do you know her?" you ask. "Are you friends?"

"W-what?" she asks, shaking her head, and looking away from you. "No w-way. I just saw some footage of the parade, when I was in the store. She looked nice, though."

You nod.

"What's your name?" you enquire.

She shakes her head. "I don't have a name."

You have a bad feeling about this.

"How did you get here?" you ask. "What happened?"

"That girl took me from the store," she explains. "Simona. She said — she said she was going to ravish me."

"And then you ran away?" you ask.

She shakes her head.

"I was scared, but I couldn't run. But then the other girl got really mad, and she took my hand, and… I'm not sure," says Asami. "And then I could run, but I don't know what I'm supposed to do anymore, and I'm still s-scared."

She turns, and looks straight at you with sad, frightened eyes.

"D-do you think that I need a diagnostic?" she whispers.

She holds out her arm in front of you, and a translucent blue display materializes, with a user interface offering diagnostic routines, and personality adjustment options.

There is a sinking feeling in your heart, and anger.

"I don't know yet," you say. "Put that away for a moment, and I'll try to find out what's going on, okay?"

She nods, and the screen vanishes.

You hear sound outside. A set of footsteps is approaching — the other girl, perhaps.

"One moment," you say. "I want to hear this."

The other girl opens the door to the staircase, and hesitates there.

"Tch," she says. "That idiot."

Now that it's a little quieter, you can recognize the voice of Alice, from before. The door closes softly behind her, and she begins heading up the stairs, a little angry by the sound of the footsteps.

The gazebo door opens before she reaches the top, Simona returning.

"Thanks a lot," says Simona. "You burned out her on-board tracking, and now I can't find her anymore."

"Excellent," says Alice. "I was rooting for her to win."

"She hasn't *won* anything," says Simona. "She's a fugitive in the royal palace. It's just a matter of time. What were you thinking — that she'd just skydive down to the surface and be free?"

"What were *you* thinking?" asks Alice. "Or — you know what, don't tell me. You're clearly not the ally of justice I thought you were. I misjudged you."

"I — what?!?" says Simona. "I'm working with Clarisse. I'm the one who set up the whole Azrael thing in the first place. I've done more for para-human rights than most people alive today. How am I *not* one of the good guys?"

"And how do you square all that with the poor girl in your suite?" asks Alice.

"She's an AI!" says Simona. "She doesn't have real emotions, she's just programmed to look like she does. She doesn't have a soul any more than a pretty painting."

"Oh, so it's AIs where you draw the line," says Alice. "I'm sure Clarisse will be thrilled."

Simona sighs. "You know, just because she doesn't have a soul doesn't mean I can't treat her with respect," she says. "She's nice. She's even special. That doesn't mean she's a real person."

"Oh, you should tell her that," opines Alice, dryly. "I'm sure she'd be *thrilled* to hear of your respect."

"Fine," says Simona. "I tell you what. I'll do that. Next time I see her, I'll ask if she has a soul, and if she does, I will positively *grovel* in apology. Sound good? Hmm?"

"Sure," says Alice. "Do that."

"I will."

There are a few seconds pause.

"What?" asks Simona. "What now?"

Alice sighs. "I don't know, Simona. It's just — even assuming that it was okay to just buy an AI like that —"

"She's a free trial, actually," says Simona, "but go on."

"… Why in Heaven's name did you go for *that one?*"

"What's wrong with that one?" she asks.

"The outfit, for starters."

"It's, like, a playful girl-next-door kind of outfit, isn't it?" she says. "I mean, like, it's not *fetish wear* or anything."

"… yes it is," says Alice.

"What?"

"She's a helpless middle school girl, made to entertain depraved old men who like them helpless."

You count ten seconds.

"I just wanted to try a little more kissing," she finally says, quietly.

"Don't you have a princess for that?" asks Alice.

Simona hesitates once more, then takes a more conspiratorial tone.

"Okay, so here's the scoop. Our glorious empress has a thing about *adult relationships*. Doesn't really care for them them on principle, actively against them where Ryouko is concerned. So she's like *genetically* a-romantic. It's by design. Then on top of that, she's enchanted. She *cannot be kissed* on the lips. Clarisse is sneaky, so she can relay kisses… but it's not the same. It's not *her*." She sighs. "So we have the *cuddle puddle* all the time, and it's like one big pajama party — and I don't even have dibs on a cuddle for tonight."

Alice is a little taken aback.

"That's seriously freaky."

"Yeah, welcome to my world, Lady Alessandra," says Simona. "This is what we have in the Empire."

Alice sighs. "There's a reason I try to work elsewhere in the Alliance." She pauses. "Wait; so is Ryouko genetically engineered, then? How does that fly in this crowd?"

"Of course she is!" whispers Simona. "And how! She's Chitose-sama's little science project, a genetic freak filtered through like 50 different layers of hypocrisy to make it seem like technology has never dirtied her consecrated hands, because in the end they used magic to implement it. At a certain point it doesn't really make a difference anymore!"

Alice takes a few more moments to process that.

"Well," she says.

"I know," replies Simona.

"All this mess is still a monumental lapse in your judgement," notes Alice.

"Why, *thank you*, lady Alessandra Priscilla Kaneko," says Asami. "I've figured that one out."

"Please," she says. "*Doctor* Alessandra Priscilla Kaneko. Or, you know, just Alice."

The tension relaxes a bit.

"As you wish, Doctor Kaneko."

"It's like Kokominika says in Flip Flappers IV," observes Alice. "You can't just build your wife and expect her to be okay with that."'

"I haven't seen that one," says Simona, and sighs.

"So now what?" asks Alice.

"If I don't find her in the next half hour, I'll … tell the palace guard," says Simona, starting to climb back up the stairs.

***

Wikiwalking and like exploration postponed.
Notes to your other self will be recorded as we determine what to do with Asami.

\[ ] \[Asami] Bring her to confront Simona
\[ ] \[Asami] Find Nadeshiko again, and ask her to shelter the girl
\[ ] \[Asami] Enlist Alice's help relocating her to another planet
\[ ] \[Asami] Present her to Ryouko
\[ ] \[Asami] Return her to the store quietly
\[ ] \[Asami] Drop her off on a quiet planet far from the Empire

\[ ] \[Purpose] Resolve to burn this timeline to the ground
\[ ] \[Purpose] Resolve to help other-Clarisse fix this world
\[ ] \[Purpose] Resolve to evacuate Asami to another timeline
\[ ] \[Purpose] (write in)
