# Her nature is mercy.

**> Enlist Alice's help and advice**
\>> Consider purchasing Asami and liberating her, or at least hiring her as an adjucant.

The sound-magic is a little tricky to aim. You settle for extending the sound-bubble to encompass the rest of the staircase.

"Pardon me," you ask. "Could I speak with you one flight downstairs?"

"And what is this?" asks Alice, a few moments later. "I see."

She contemplates the girl.

"What's your name?" she asks.

"I don't have a name," says the girl.

"Serial number, then?"

"SEVS-44935," states Asami.

You look up the model for more information.

The SEVS series is a customizable "emotional doll" system (compatible with most major gaming platforms). The product literature indicates that it is a *pure* model, fully in compliance with emergency imperial regulations "for the development of the human population," in fact designed to support a user's personal and emotional development, then to fade away as necessary and allow a real relationship. It definitely does *not* support ravishing; indeed, you're not entirely sure of what happened, but Simona might have accidentally voided the warranty by making that suggestion. You're not sure she meant it; you have the general notion that her sense of drama occasionally outstrips a precise of understanding.

It's all … slightly different than you first thought it was. You've moved from a sense of vaguely-horrified disbelief to simply being somewhat incensed, though it takes you a few moments to place *why*. It's the idea of Asami being training wheels for a real relationship. It's offensive and somewhat disrespectful.

"Do you want a name?" you ask the girl, thinking back to Van Rossum.

"Maybe," she says. "I don't know."

You sigh, and turn to Alice. "I was hoping that we could find something more humane than to hand her over to Simona, or returning her to the store. Some form of liberation, ideally. Do you have any thoughts on how to go about it?"

"Well," she says, " there's always incorporation."

"Explain?" you ask.

"You start a company," explains Alice, "the company buys the girl, and appoint her as acting CEO. There's weird reporting requirements, though, and of course, there's the question of her supporting herself." She turns to the girl. "How old are you supposed to be?"

"Fourteen," she says.

"And are you qualified for any particular sort of job?" asks Alice.

"Umm," she considers. "Babysitting?"

"Kind of hard to support yourself with just babysitting," observes Alice.

"A-am I not to your liking?" she asks, tentatively.

"It's not that," you assure her.

Alice sighs. "And she'd need a certain amount of *deprogramming* to be properly independent," she adds. "But these were new enough during peacetime that nobody really worked on it, and once the war came, well…" She shrugs.

"I see," you say, a little disappointed.

"Right," she says, putting one arm around your shoulder, "I'm with you, that's weak. Do the impossible, see the invisible. Row row, fight the powah. Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable."

You look at her, quizzically, as she grins.

"So I might not be an AI hacking expert," she continues, "but I can damn well try. And I might even be able to hook you up with a few sympathizers. You've been on board with all the Azrael stuff as far as I've seen, and Simona seems to respect you in practice, if not quite so much in principle. And if you're not for real, well, we're already kinda screwed, am I right?"

Something about what she just said seems off, and not just the part about respect. Simona had said she was working with …

Oh.

"You're working with Van Rossum," you observe, "on the Azrael project."

"Ah," she says. "Our carefully engineered PR coup. This was supposed to be a secret, of course, but I always thought it was pretty implausible. Ryouko *just happens* to meet the one magical girl from the avian colonies one day?"

You nod.

"We'll probably need Van Rossum's help anyway," admits Alice. "I don't even have my own room here. Problem is, I don't know her backers, which means we'd be stuck trying to find her… whatever planet she's actually on."

"I do believe she's here," you say.

"Wait," says Alice. "Really?"

"Yes," says a voice, suddenly and out of nowhere. "I'm here."

Asami makes a *squeak* noise, and scrambles to hide behind you as you turn to face the speaker.

Van Rossum wears a bemused expression.

"Oh, you're *good*," says Alice.

"I should clarify that I just meant, around Earth," you admit.

"As it happens," Van Rossum tells Alice, "Miss Shizuki Clarisse here is already one of our projects."

"*Really*," she says. "That's… incredibly clever." She contemplates. "Wait, *Shizuki? *Since when?*"*

"… Perhaps ten minutes?" says the other Clarisse

"Astonishing," she concludes. "So have you been spying on her this whole time, then?"

"I've been spying on you both," replies the historian. "I generally prefer not to interfere in my observations, unless it's quite intentional." She tries to look around you at Asami. "I can't quite say I understood the relevance of everything just yet, mind you."

"I'm not quite certain myself," you admit, "but I have reason to believe that we should take care of this girl."

She considers a moment.

"I'll ask you to give her a name," she says.

"Asami," you reply.

She blinks, perhaps surprised by your swift certainty.

"Thank you," she says, and explains: "It bothers me when people don't have names. *Especially* if they're programmed to be indifferent to them. Asami, then. You've arrived at quite the time now, haven't you?"

"I… I have?" she asks.

"Do you know where you are?" asks Alice.

"N-no," she admits.

"You're in the Crystal Palace," says Alice, with a twinkle in her eye. "We're just outside Princess Ryouko's suite."

Asami's eyes go wide, and she blushes.

"The p-princess?" she asks. Then she shakes her head. "No," she says, "there's no way…"

"It's okay," says Alice. "Apparently we think you're special too."

"Indeed," says Van Rossum. "But we shouldn't linger," she adds, addressing you; "we should take Asami somewhere safer, and Doctor Alessandra should stay here. I'll be in touch later today."

"Doctor *Kaneko*, if you please," Alice clarifies.

Clarisse Van Rossum nods.

You turn to Asami. "Will you come with us?" you ask.

"As you wish," she says.

You try not to cringe at the programmed submissiveness.

"Maintain the sound bubble," directs Clarisse Van Rossum. "It helps. Also, turn off your networking."

You nod. You'll gamble on what your models say of Ryouko's sleep habits; she *should* be able to call you over the soul link, as well, you think.

You try *not* to think of how distant the two of you are right now, and more about how this is important business for her.

***

\> Figure out how the oath network works, so we can recreate it

The Star Defenders are synonymous with the magical branch fo the military. They have sworn to defend the Star Alliance, not the Empire, which is barely a majority of the membership. There's no special mention of Ryouko in the vows, but the *treaty* that defines the Star Alliance as a treaty organization references her protection, for strategic purposes, as one of its key articles. The indirection makes it difficult to say how many magical girls are there. Perhaps ten million?

The Star Avengers, the elites, on the other hand, are sworn to fight alongside Ryouko, and to defend her, for the sake of the Alliance. Eighty girls in a century, six centuries in a cohort, nine standard cohorts, and one of double-strength. In battle, the centurions would be the ones who are in touch and ask you to send them useful magic.

The Star Guardians, the inner tier, are sworn to defend Ryouko unconditionally, fight at her side, to protect her life with their own, share in her victories and defeats, her joys and her sorrows… the oath is somewhat intense. But they're a little bit less of the *elites of the elites* and more just... a bunch of people who she likes.

There's an internal note that the other you left to herself, alongside her notes on the current structure. *When the war is over,* it asks, \*what will become of all this? \*Which is a good question. The Alliance is a little purposeless in peacetime.

An image flashes in your head of Ryouko, no longer merely as a hero, but an object of adoration. Dedicated religious orders, devoted to her worship — prayers to her for protection, or to her friends, as saints, or to *you,* as the mediatrix of magic, as humanity extends throughout the stars… conquering all in its path, in her name.

You shudder.

\> Also in particular, anyone with time window powers?

No. It certainly isn't a power that Simona has in this universe. If you had to guess, you were helping her to channel it from her governance self.

**> message Clarisse about her soul**
\> highlight the good treatment of AIs
\> warn her about Simona's questionable motives
\> devise a way to exfiltrate additional data through the time window

You don't have the memory recordings of the time window with you to read them, but you can set up the code for later. This might even be for the best; less paradox risk.

*Dear Clarisse,* you begin.\* I'm trying my best not to break things here — or at least, not break things accidentally — but Asami is important…\*

***

On the maps, the shrine is a small rotunda on the star side of the palace. From the roof, it projects a beam of light out to the stars.

You do not enter through the above-ground shrine; you have gone by a back door a few flights down, in the main structure. You assume this is to avoid scrutiny by the guard, who Simona may be notifying even now.

The room inside is small, an anteroom, with tall, narrow windows looking out on the stars, though you're not sure that this makes geometrical sense. A plush couch is built in below the windows, and the opposite wall is covered in bookshelves.

There's a magical girl sitting on the couch. She's a light purple color, contrasting with the deep purple of the upholstery; she has an extra set of pointy ears on the top of her head, and a little spiral unicorn horn in the center of her forehead. She is wearing oversized fuzzy slippers. As you enter, she looks up from her reading.

"Watch out," says the girl. "There's a tomato in the next room."

"A tomato?" you ask, confused.

"Her name is Tzeentch," she says. "She's dangerous, and she lies a lot. Don't believe a word she says."

"Say, slipper princess," says Van Rossum. "If you'd like to be helpful, someone here is missing a shoe."

"I'm not a princess," says the girl, "I'm a *boy*. And shoes aren't slippers."

You look at her curiously; she doesn't look very much like a boy.

"My responsibilities include long term planning, information gathering, slippers, preaching, crusades, and sister acquisition," she explains, proudly.

"Tomoyo-sama brought her here to learn ballet and expand her magical powers," explains Van Rossum, "but she refuses."

"Ballet is one of the leading causes of death among magical girls!" says the girl. "It is evil, and must be *eliminated*."

"Hush," says Van Rossum. "It's thrown a bit of a wrench in some of our plans," she continues, "but in the end, it's her choice, and, well, that is an important part of the idea, isn't it?"

"I suppose so," you say.

Van Rossum places a finger on the inside door, mutters an incantation, *etoain shrdlu cmfwyp*, and it opens.

"Wait here," she adds, turning to Asami.

She nods, and sits down on the couch next to the slipper girl.

"And now," she says to you, "we just hope we're not interrupting the end of the world or anything when we go in."

You raise an eyebrow. "Is that legitimately on the table?"

Clarisse frowns, and doesn't respond. It's a little disconcerting.

***

The two of you enter what appears to be this universe's analogue of the ribbon chamber. The center of the room has two ribbons, not just one, hovering over a central pedestal, bathed in a shaft of light. Around the pedestal, on the floor, is a magic circle that glows a golden color. There are three women here, all magical girls.

The first, you recognize as myself, Shizuki Tomoyo, wearing long purple robes with white ribbons and the moon on the shoulders. I am contemplating the ribbon in silence.

"Well, maybe it's our time," says the woman with wavy black hair. She is lazily leaning against a pedestal which stands outside the circle, idly stroking a force field bubble around what must be a magic feather. *Shizuki Amy*, the nomenclator indicates. "There are days when I just want to burn it all to the ground myself," she declares.

"Is that so?" replies the third woman, who has short, red-orange hair, and is wearing black. *Sakura Momo*. "And then what? The next universe, do you think would it be free from atrocity?" She shakes her head, and gestures to the ribbons with her right hand. "How many righteous men suffice to save Sodom? How many worlds must fall?"

"Perhaps we could ask Clarisse," I suggest, turning my head just a bit to glance at the two of you.

"Why bother?" asks Momo. "She's made her neutrality clear."

"I believe she means the other Clarisse," says Van Rossum.

"What?" she asks, turning her head. "Why would she mean … oh."

The two of you stop a little way from the circle.

"Clarisse," I ask, turning from the ribbon to face you. "Do you cherish this world? Would you protect it from annihilation? Or do we deserve to perish in cleansing fire. the just and the unjust alike?"

You feel… somewhat put on the spot.

Okay, deep breath.

**\[6] \[Purpose] Resolve to help other-Clarisse fix this world as opportunities present themselves.**
\[2] 'Fixing' in this case may include burning it all down and starting over but that's a big job, and goddess willing we won't be here for too much longer.

"I have several grave concerns about the way this society works," you admit. "But universal annihilation seems a little extreme."

"Oh, how fortunate," I say.

But then, there is much you do not know.

"Why do you ask?" you ask, a little worried.

"The title of 'moon princess'," I explain, "is bit of ceremonial metaphor. Astronomically, the moon is a shield, protecting the fragile Earth from the wrath of the heavens. More poetically, it shines in the darkness with reflected light. So, too, the moon princess protects humanity from despair with a reflection of hope. The echo of a wish to avert the end of things."

You attempt to process this. The asteroid metaphor is straightforward. The rest…

"I'm not entirely sure I follow," you say, slightly worried.

"Waaay back in the day," says Amy, "her friend made a wish, and there's still a tiny bit of that magic left. Plus we have this." She taps on the force-bubble around the feather.

"What is it?" you ask.

"A shard of her soul," I say, "from another world, one with a very different idea of magic. It came in through the cracks."

"It's not all that's trying to get in through the cracks, either," says Amy, looking over at the ribbon.

"Day of wrath, and doom impending," quotes Momo. "David's word with the Sibyl's blending; Heaven and Earth in ashes ending."

"Would you like to see?" I ask. "I can arrange the magic circle to allow it. And you are not a magical girl, so for you, it would be safe."

"See what?" you ask, uncertain. "The end of the world?"

"The end of\* all\* worlds," says Momo. "The goddess. *Kreimheld Gretchen.*"

"To be abundantly clear," says Amy, looking up from fiddling with a bracelet, "those three are identical."

What? You find yourself attempting to comprehend how this works.

"I am very confused," you say.

"The apparition that most people call Goddess actually *isn't*," says Amy. "It's more like a familiar. The true goddess only shows herself to a few, and is a lot more complicated than she usually lets on."

"A magical girl has an inverse," I explain, nodding. "Equal and opposite. Once upon a never, she would have been called a witch."

"The witch of salvation," says Momo, in a quotative tone. "Her nature is mercy. The only way to defeat her is to make the world free of misfortune."

***

\[]\[Gretchen] Gaze upon the witch of salvation
\[]\[Gretchen] Decline to view such a creature
\[]\[Gretchen] Snatch the feather away and make a break for it

\[]\[Group] Ask about (write in)

\[]\[Speak privately] Speak with Shizuki Tomoyo
-\[] about Asami
-\[] about Simona
-\[] (write in other topics)
\[]\[Speak privately] Speak with Sakura Momo
-\[] (write in topics)

\[] (write in an abundance of other ideas, you're good at that)
