# Solar Powered Grief Potatoes!

The first sign that you've had another gap in your conscious continuity is that Ryouko is looking at you with more concern than is normal for her.

You take a deep breath, and take stock. Your short term memory is empty, but you have recordings. You should be able to catch up with what's going on in just a moment or three.

You're back in 2011. You're on a train; the train is heading to the airport, and has just passed Tokyo. You should have about three hours to prepare for Oriko's flight. Ryouko and Nanami are seated across from you, Mami-chan and Homura are across the aisle, Kyouko is elsewhere on the train — ah, the café car. Sayaka is watching Mitakihara Central, Amy is watching the Oriko residence, Wakaba is staying with Yuuka because she was worried, and Hitomi and Madoka are at their homes. The ribbon is in your pocket.

Okay. Next step. You didn't go through all that extra-universal nonsense to have it come to nothing. For starters, you were going to arrange a code with the other Clarisse, to exfiltrate data. You have that footage again. What does she say?

*Devotion without compromise*, she says, of Simona. Well, you won't disagree, but, you sort of knew that one already. And then, *she deserves our pity, not hate. Please help her.*

Simona doesn't have any signals.

Well. That's ... something. You're not sure how much credibility to give that, honestly.

And how can you help?

Okay. Did the other Clarisse leave notes? She'd better have left notes. They're not where you would have left them... Oh, there they are. Their location better corresponds to the Star Empire filesystem.

*Dear Clarisse,* she's written. *It seems we're on an unexpected adventure. Out of an abundance of caution, I have declined to make my presence here known. I do not know how well our intentions reflect across this exchange, but it is my hope that by doing so, you might choose do so as well, and we will thus protect each other in our home timelines. I understand that I might just be paranoid, but I know that by the time you get back, you will understand.*

Well. Uhm. Hopefully she'll understand?

Okay, let's see what she's flagged.

***

*Dear Clarisse. Please see attached regarding Papa. I must say, this ribbon seems to have an interesting way of letting you experience stories. I am a sorry to intrude so, but it seemed to be an important question of this timeline's divergence.*

**-> Ask details about what happened in the far past (starting from 1985)**

"Oh, yes," says Shizuki Tomoyo, her eyes glowing golden for a moment. "Well, Yukari-chan was quite taken with him after he saved her life, but Shizuki Yuji, well, he didn't really see it that way."

**> be Tomoyo**

The second cutest girl in school has just buried her face in your lap.

"No," you reiterate. "There's nothing wrong with the person you are."

"I … I want to believe you," says Yukari-chan. "B-but I can't. He's right."

"No he's not," you say.

"No," she says, sharply. "He is. No one is ever going to want me. I'm… I h-hardly deserve to be called a girl."

"Is that what he said?!?" you ask, aghast.

"He s-said that if he were actually into boys, he'd find someone on the kendo club," she says, bitterly.

You are momentarily stunned.

"Please," she says. "Use your m-magic on me. I don't want to be me, I want to be pretty and graceful and quiet and gentle and n-nice. Like a real girl."

You frown.

"I can't do that," you say.

"I believe in you," she says. "Besides. You can't possibly screw me up more than I already —"

"No. That's not right, Yukari-chan," you say. "Even if I did the magic, I could never leave you with someone so cruel. He'd mistreat you."

She sniffs. "Please," she begs. "Even so. I … I don't want to be me anymore."

"Okay," you say. "I'll tell you what."

She looks up at you, a ray of tentative hope in her tears.

"I'll figure out how to do what you ask," you allow, "but I need to teach him a lesson, first. Because you deserve better."

"That's… kind of you to say," she says. "But … it's not just him. I'm a failure at being a girl."

"Did he say that to you?" you ask.

"Not exactly…"

"What did he say?" you ask.

She looks at the floor. "He said that saving me was a mistake, and he shouldn't have even bothered," she says.

"He wouldn't *dare,*" you say.

"No, he's right," she says, looking at you, with that gloriously defiant flame in her eyes, the same one she is asking you to extinguish. "No one is going to say, Yukari-san is very pretty. No one is ever going to hold me tight, and kiss me passion—mmff!"

She is surprised and draws back.

"T- Tomoyo-chan, I…" She swallows. "I know that you're trying to… I appreciate it, it's v-very sweet, b-but you shouldn't just k-kiss me, just to make some kind of a p-point."

"Oh, " you say, tilting your head and propping it up with one finger. "So… I should only kiss girls that I like?"

"Yes, exactly, I mean… wait, what?"

"Okay," you say.

**> be Clarisse**

"I was already helping Kinomoto-chan with the loveliest costumes, so it wasn't that hard to find the magic to make them fit and turn Shizuki Yuji into a cute girl." She smiles. "And she was *really* cute, too. I made her do modeling. She was a sensation."

"Goodness," you say. "Remind me to never get on your bad side."

"Oh, but she absolutely loved it," says Mama. "Not immediately, of course, and she was so very ashamed to admit it. But it made her very, very happy. She was ever so proud of herself…" She smiles.

You consider this matter. Your tentative models suggest Papa, or Nadeshiko, must have felt special, like she was a treasure herself. A change in that … a loss of self confidence? Or perhaps if she thought she could obtain a greater treasure.

"Which was quite fortunate," she adds, "because, um, I didn't actually have a way to change her back."

You carefully decide to avoid comment.

"And the foreign girl…" you ask, instead.

Mama nods. "Oh, she was very funny. She really wanted to practice kissing." She pauses. "Say, do you think she might have from the future too, like you?"

*What?* you react, internally, checking your internal notes. She's not supposed to know that.

With a moment's willpower, you shut off the ribbon connection.

Mama's eyes return to normal, and she appears vaguely lost.

"… I'm sorry, dear," she says. "I very nearly had a moment of inspiration, but I'm afraid I lost it." She looks over to the costume rack. "Where did your friend get to? … Oh, well, you can do just as well."

As the memory recording fades, you find another memory. It's not the kind your system recognizes, it's one of the others, like the ribbon visions.

-> Ask Tomoyo details about what happened in the far past (starting from 1985)
-> Ask about the ribbons. What is the story behind them?
-> Try to identify all known points of divergence between the known three timelines.

You're back in the Star Empire ribbon chamber, speaking with Shizuki Tomoyo again.

"There wasn't a foreign girl?" you ask, and frown, realizing something. "Possibly there to practicing kissing Yukari-san."

"No, certainly not," I reply.

"I see," you say."

"In any event, Nadeshiko-chan and I became roommates," I continue.

"Roommates," you repeat.

"Well, we could hardly have gotten *married*," I say. "And we couldn't have children, and as there wasn't technically a family, we couldn't adopt. So instead of legal adoption, Nadeshiko's idea was simply to have an orphanage. Which brings us to a shy, quiet girl, with a fragile heart, and her imaginary friend."

"Akemi Homura," you surmise.

"Shizuki Homura," I say. "Not legally, but she preferred it."

"Was she a magical girl?" you ask.

I shake my head. "Never ever," I say.

"Was she happy?"

"Well," I say. "There was always sort of a quiet sadness about her. You knew there was a hurt she carried inside. But even then… even then, I would say, she found true happiness with her dear friends. She blossomed. Not for long, I'm afraid, bless her heart."

You nod, quietly.

"I wouldn't meet her imaginary friend until she was gone," I add, "and she sent me two red ribbons."

"That's a major point of divergence, I think," you say. "She would have been a pivotal figure in everything that followed, from founding a magical girl society to the Unification Wars…"

"Unification Wars?" I ask.

You nod. "From the structure of the Star Alliance, I suppose that humanity never truly unified?"

I shake my head no. "By the time Earth unified, there were already many colonies."

"And the orphanage is still running today?" you ask.

"Oh, yes," I say. "You might have seen a girl, on your way in?"

-> Ask about Slipper Princess. What's up with her? Is/was she really a boy?
-> Who's a tomato? "Sister acquisition"? That last part doesn't sound half bad.

"She said she was a boy. More of your magic?" you guess.

"Indeed." I nod.

"And she said… something about tomatoes."

"Yes, well. She is very creative, and likes to come up with clever names for things, and tell stories about them. 'Tomato' is her name for me, though I wish she'd drop it. As for the girl thing, well. I've certainly learned better than to do it without asking, but Tap wanted magic, and she now has powers over slippers. Ridiculous on the face of it, perhaps, but it has much potential for power development. What if she learned ballet? The footwear, the costumes, would be like an extension of her self, as would her art." I sigh. "But she has a rather *creative* interpretation of the art form, I'm afraid. She will find another way for herself, I suppose."

"How did she contract?" you ask. "People all over have been saying that only pure humans can contract."

"Our little company breaks here the rules now and again," I explain. "It cannot be as often as we like, but we try to make things a little better on the margins with a few anomalies here and there. Our hope is to at least show them that all people *have* souls, even if the incubators usually avoid them. Tap made a contract with me directly."

Your eyes go wide.

"You can do that?" you ask.

"Oh yes," I say, with a sly grin.. "It's just costumes, after all, right?"

You look at me, skeptical.

"I'd prefer not to speak at length of the limitations, but, well, as you can see with Tapkomet, one of them is that I can't actually do magical *boys*, it still has to be girls." I frown. "Whereas the incubators very well could, but *don't*."

"So Azrael is another, then."

I nod. "Ryouko does not have many chance encounters in her life. You should expect most of them are someone's agenda. I do try to make this particular agenda worth her time."

"It's welcome enough, I suppose," you say.

\> Ask about Simona and her adoption
\> Speak of Simona/Ryouko issues

"What of Simona?" you ask. "Another not-so-chance meeting of yours?"

"Oh, no. Her planet was one of the first destroyed by the cephalopods," I explain. "She was the only survivor. We knew they were coming, our ships were nearby, and we could have evacuated them, easily, tens of millions, but we didn't send them. Instead, the Empire ran an a propaganda campaign, featuring Ryouko. So after Simona made a wish, she came here, and stole the princess away to show her the devastation, to tell her at length what a disappointment she was. She deserved … well, some of it. But despite your counterpart's valiant efforts, she was too fragile for that kind of a thing. It nearly broke her."

You cringe.

"And that's when Ryouko made her wish," I say. "She wanted to live up to what Simona wanted of her, to what everyone wanted of her. And... well, she wanted to be liked, by Simona and by everyone."

You frown.

"That certainly doesn't sound like a coincidence," you say.

"Indeed, it was not. It was all foreseen, planned, before either of them were alive. She was the catalyst. They two have been close ever since. She has been *officially* in our care since not long after, though she prefers to stay near Ryouko."

\> Speak about her disregard for AIs.

You relate her opinions on the matter.

"Well," I say. "I don't know what to say about that. It's not what we would have taught her." I sigh. "If not for the war, we might have taught her better."

\> Ask about Asami. Can she help?

"Well then," you say. "On that note, and on the topic of chance encounters, I'd like for you to see someone," you say.

"Oh?" I ask.

"If we're going to work together," you say, "I'd like for you to help her out in turn."

I nod.

A few minutes later, we have stepped back into the anteroom. Asami is there, peering over the purple girl's shoulder as she reads a book titled *Resonance Days*.

"Oh my," I say, placing my hand on my heart. "What a striking resemblance."

"Her name is Asami," you say.

"Hello," she says, standing up, and bowing.

"Good day," I say. "And what might you doing at this palace, miss Asami?"

"We're reading," says the slipper princess.

"Um," she says, squirming. "I'm a SEVS-44935, and, um, the lady Simona wanted to use me for kissing practice."

"… *what?*" I ask, sharply.

***

The alternate memory fades. You're still on the train.

Here's another bookmark.
\*
Hello again, Clarisse. I hope I did this right? I didn't want to take advantage of someone who's not technically my girlfriend, but I didn't want to ruin things, either.\*

"Oh. my. god," says Kyouko. "That is \*way \*too cute."

You blush.

"Yes, well… um… thanks," you reply. "You too."

She smiles. "Thanks."

"I mean, I only ever did the arcade dance games, and some very, very bad salsa," she continues. "But they're not the same at all. I'm a little jealous, honestly. 'Specially since that picture, earlier."

Picture? You take a moment to look up what that could be.

"Well, uhm, maybe… maybe we could take some lessons together," you suggest, while doing so.

"Oh, Christ," says Kyouko. "I'm gonna end up being re-civilized over here, aren't I." She smiles crookedly.

Oh. There *is* a picture. Oh dear. That's Ryouko in the palace garden. It has to be. The fountain is overflowing, the galaxy and the stars shine above, the stars reflected in the water below your feet, mingled with the roses…

Kyouko looks over at you.

"I'll ask Mama," you say, trying your best not to sound too out of it.

"… I don't mean to impose," says Kyouko.

"No, no, don't even worry," you insist, turning away, and trying not to blush, and looking for a way to change the topic, because this is very awkward. You're not *technically* flustered over her, but even if it were okay that you were, you wouldn't want to mislead her...

"Clarisse?" she asks.

"I'm fine, just… give me a moment."

"Okay, okay," she says, looking sheepish herself. "It's okay, we said we'd slow down…"

"Uhm," you say. "To change the topic entirely for a moment…"

"Yes?"

"It's, um, about earlier," you begin, awkwardly. "Well. I mean… Supposing that I found Sakura Momo, and could give her a message," you say. "What would you want to tell her?"

"… oh," she says.

"Sorry to ruin the mood like that, but—"

"No, it's okay," says Kyouko.

"I'd tell her… that I miss her a lot. That I love her. That sometimes, I wish I could be more like her. Sweet, and kind. And that I'm sorry for…" She trails off.

You nod. "I understand."

Kyouko nods, wordlessly.

"We should, um, try this again later," you promise, "when I don't have quite so much on my mind. And I'll ask about lessons."

Kyouko wipes her tears, and smiles. "Okay. It's a date."

Once again, you find a Star Empire memory on the tail of your recordings.

"A message?" asks Momo. She frowns. "And just who might she be to you, exactly?"

"Uhm…" you say, slightly embarrassed. "It's complicated."

"Oh, it's quite complicated here, too," says Momo. "I'm afraid *uhms* don't quite cut it."

"We've kissed," you clarify, "and decided it's complicated, but to try anyway."

Momo blinks a few times.

"I would have never suspected," she says, shaking her head. "I would have sworn she'd go for a man like her father…"

"I don't know what happened in this timeline," you say. "It must have been quite different. But, I've promised her to check in you, if I ever found you. Though … I don't think she really expected you to be all grown up."

"… Damn," says Momo. "Oh, dear nee-chan. She sighs."

"I might as well explain, then," says Momo. "I wished for understanding. I wanted to know what was wrong, why people despised Father, and left our church. I was armed with two thousand years of the Christian tradition and every scholarly interpretation and meaning, and I didn't need any of it. It was simple." She sighs.

"He wanted to have his cake and eat it too. He wanted all of the authority of the old tradition to apply to his new ideas. But the tradition doesn't just answer to him like that. It might have been one thing if he thought he'd seen angels, or spoke with God, but you can't just take a Bible story and tart it up however you like to make it more interesting! Not in a *Sola Scriptura* denomination where you insist the divine inspiration of that Scripture is source of your authority to begin with! Everyone could see the hypocrisy except for the two of us, myself and nee-chan. Even Mama knew it, she just wouldn't say anything."

"So I snuck into his office, and found the sermon he'd prepared, and after the readings, I stepped in and took the pulpit myself, and preached my own sermon. I eviscerated every point he was going to make, and *then*, I set them aright again. Father thought I was inspired by the Holy Spirit. Pretty soon, I was editing whatever he wrote, and preaching regularly myself. Our church thrived again. We had visitors from all over the world, preachers, divinity students, all there to see me."

"But after a few years, my nee-chan learned my secret. She called me a demon, sent to poison the church, and she told Father." She sighs. "And inside, I knew not only why she would feel that way, but why she *should*. I never had a special concept of what was right or true, just of how it all fit together. I could fold the whole of the *Summa Theologica* like origami for an argument, but in the end, it's all just like so much straw. I knew the words and the systems. I had no divine inspiration. Even if I never said there was, I didn't correct the others, either, because it was convenient. I was that cynical."

"So I spoke nothing in my own defense. I told Father to throw me out on the streets, and so, he did. I think he made Kyouko cry. I wasn't sure what to do at first, so I wandered. I would go from town to town, and church to church, an itinerant preacher. What else was I going to do? Eventually I left Japan, and kept going. I didn't find out what had happened until many years later when I came home, and it was all gone." She takes a deep breath.

"So when you tell her what I have to say, I want you to know what I mean by it. Tell her that I forgive her, for everything. And that I love her, and I miss her, and … I'm sorry for everything I ever said or did that was mean to her."

"I'm certain she'll be happy to hear that," you say. "Those are the words that she remembers of you."

Momo looks like she's on the edge of tears.

"Are you all right?" you ask.

She nods, and takes a deep breath. A moment later, she stands, and you are being hugged.

***

"I have found new signs and schemas to interpret now," says Momo. "I still can no more tell you what is right and wrong than I could then, but I can at least explain how they fit together."

-> Ask about other universes.
-> What was the feather's world like, who did it belong to and how could it get here?
-> What else is "trying to get in"?

You ask her of these things.
"The feather, as far as I can tell, is a unique phenomenon," says Momo. "It is a shard of a soul, one of Tomoyo-chan's old friends. It is from a world that does not have soul gems, scattered by some catastrophic energies of which I know not, drawn here by the echo of her memory. It is altogether exceptional. I do not know of anything else that could bypass the destroyer, and in any case, the destroyer would likely remain the greater threat."

-> What was that talk at the start about the end of the world?

"So the destroyer, and the end of the world, then…" you begin.

"The Goddess has two aspects," Momo says. "Light and dark, yin and yang, salvation and destruction, hope and despair. As a magical girl, she wished to erase witches, and it was enough hope to create every universe anew. That wish is balanced against enough despair to destroy every universe, the witch. But her wish was to destroy that wish as well, and so we ought to be — *ought to be* — safe from harm."

You nod.

"I've heard allusion to this story before," you say.

"The two aspects of the Goddess have different names," she continues. "Kriemhild Gretchen, the destroyer, the witch. Penitent Gretchen, the merciful, the — what's the matter?"

"Gretchen?" you ask.

"Yes," she says. "Why?"

"You're quite sure? I know her by another name," you say.

"The Law of Cycles? That's more of a title, really. It describes both her work here, and the cyclic nature of her own self destruction and renewal—"

"The name I heard was Kaname Madoka."

Momo looks at you with wide eyes.

"The Center," she mutters, "the vital point, stationary, yes, but … what would that *mean?*" She looks at you, slightly awed. "And how did you learn of such mysteries?"

"Um," you say. "She's a middle school student in 2011, she's nice, has pink hair, um, might have made friends with Kyouko when she made her wish in the first place…"

"I see," she says. "You have knowledge of another world, a Before that never was."

"A little?" you admit. "But I don't think it's quite that. I saw her as a human in the universe I just came from."

Momo shakes her head. "That should be impossible."

"In a world with witches.."

"I don't understand anymore," she says. "What you said does not fit with anything I know."

"I'm sorry," you say.

"No!" she says. "The fault is in our knowledge; I can tell there is truth … You must speak with her," she concludes. "It will make things clear."

"I was hoping to find out more about the end of the universe," you say, "whether any world could ever be good enough, free of suffering, or—"

"See Van Rossum," she says. "She is finishing the circle even now. *Then* ask me to interpret what you saw."

**> Gaze upon the witch of salvation**
-> If it's really okay, considering the circumstances

Clarisse Van Rossum has been working with the book in an adjacent room. More specifically, she has been inscribing a magic circle, using the feather as a pen.

"It is both an invocation and a barrier," she explains. "It will protect your soul even outside this universe."

You frown.

"Forgive me, but what exactly is this magic?" you ask. "The book, I mean."

"This book is a record," she says, "reflecting the history of your soul."

"You can write in it?" you ask.

She nods. "The soul itself is, of course, timeless and unchanging, but one can add small things to its history. Just a nudge here and there. It takes much magic, even then. We are quite fortunate to have this to aid us, or even the empire's vast reserves might be drained."

"You've written in this book before," you note.

"Yes," she says. "In your case, it was before your soul had a history or memories."

"Does that make a bigger difference?" you ask.

"They say, *the soul remembers*," says Clarisse. "What does this mean to a timeless entity like a soul, to remember? It is a connection, between the soul and the event. But the connection goes both ways. To say that the soul remembers an event is simply the time reversal of causing that event to begin with. It is a constraint on the universe. When the incubators reverse this cause and effect, then it is magic." She has stopped work on the circle.

"You might ask, in light of this, by writing the first word, whether I have added something to a soul that was about to be there, or whether I have helped select the soul to begin with. And the answer is yes, I did choose your soul, but neither any more so nor less so than any other event the soul remembers. Are you angry, then?"

"I'll leave that between you and the other Clarisse," you say.

She nods.

"You should be the one to finish it," she says, and hands you the book.

You look at it skeptically.

You turn back a few pages, to where you entered the room to begin with.

There is a small portion which has been written in a different handwriting. You look at it, carefully.

"Why this written in the first person?" you ask.

"That would be for Tomoyo-sama," she explains. "She is the one who uses it, and thought you deserved more ambition in the first place."

"If this is her handwriting, and she has been making a habit of writing here," you frown, "then I might be a little angry at her. And how is she writing in it if she was standing there?" you ask.

Clarisse Van Rossum frowns. She turns back to the current page, on the reverse of the circle.

"Do not speak of this with her," she concludes. "It will go easier for you if there is no paradox."

You frown. "Would she write it in the future? How? The writing is there now. Will it be erased?"

"She may yet do it from another timeline," proposes Clarisse.

You realize that you've been right under her nose in that other timeline, now, haven't you.

You sigh.

"So what am I supposed to do about anything?" you ask. "I mean *this* me, not just the other one."

"I cannot tell you that," says Van Rossum. "But I do not think you would have found your way here if it did not concern your own interests as well. A soul's duties are likely to transcend a single timeline; after all, this is what brought Miss Kinomoto's feather here to begin with."

You sigh.

"How do I complete it?" you ask.

"Write your name in the center of the star," she says. "Then, leave it with me. Cross the large circle around the ribbons, without touching the lines, and without touching the ground inside at the same time as the ground on the outside."

You write your name, hand Van Rossum the book, and take a breath.

It's just a little hop.

It's not even horrible, just a blasted, flooded cityscape. You've seen far worse with Ryouko.

The sun is setting on the horizon.

"Hi," says the girl.

"… Madoka?" you ask.

She shakes her head.

She's a bit older than the Madoka you've met, maybe eighteen. She's dressed like a student, but it's a high school uniform, grey. There's also something different in the way that she looks at you, and things around her. No wide-eyed wonder, here.

"… Kriemhild Gretchen, then?" you surmise.

"No. Your sister-in-law was wrong. Just Gretchen."

"Why Gretchen?" you ask, ignoring that designation for the moment. "Why two names?"

"Oh, it's part of some metaphysics duality bullshit," says Gretchen. "All the witches get one. Ask Momo to explain it if you want, just to understand how little it matters. Blame Van Rossum for why so many are in German."

You frown. "If that doesn't matter, what does?"

"Well now! That's a damn good question, now, isn't it!" she declares, suddenly animated. She claps her hands. "I bet we could go talking on for a good long while, looking for something that mattered. Just for the moment, though, I wanted to talk to you about... potatoes!!"

**> Where do grief potatoes come from?**

Your heart sinks a little. The thing is… you sort of saw this coming.

"Grief potatoes?" you ask.

"Solar powered grief potatoes!" she sings, emphasizing the quadruple trochee with a catchy little jingle. "100% Guilt-free and coming soon to a universe near you!" She strikes a pose, folds her arm, and concludes with a very serious delivery of the line, "Tater Power."

You are fairly certain she is mocking the whole idea.

"Okay," you ask, with a sigh. "Who exactly do they torture for grief potatoes?"

Her tone is abruptly sharp. "Well, Clarisse, how many forms of life do you know of that can run off the solar energy collected by a ring world's shadow-panels? Directly, I mean."

"Oh," you realize.

A moment of silence follows.

"… how many souls?" you ask.

"Do you mean how many to date," asks Gretchen, "or how many are running at any given time?" She counts off the options on her fingers.

"Any given time, I suppose."

"Let's say… ten to the eighteen? Ish?" She shrugs. "There's problems counting, some philosophical questions about sharing memories and simultaneous reincarnation, so I'm not sure… I mean, I *could* go count myself, but really honestly?" She shakes her head.

"So," you surmise, "ten to the eighteen power artificial intelligences, designed to do nothing but suffer… and, what, grief potatoes planted around the hardware to soak it all up?"

"Pretty close," she says. "Turns out full-time suffering is actually far less efficient; you have to simulate happy lives first. Give them something to lose. Duty cycle on suffering is about eighty percent?"

You're not sure what to say to that.

"It's all set up as a perpetual motion machine," she says, leaning on a rock and whirling a finger around in a circle. "Most of the magic runs right back into preserving the star. It's a small-scale proof of concept for research, before they start scaling up. The current war, and the political situation in the Star Empire, is, of course, entirely engineered; Ryouko exists so she can save humanity with magic, cementing the idea of magic as savior, and the next phase has them get serious about *winning*, embracing growth and power."

You frown. Governance admits to not being entirely serious about the war, but this sounds like… something else entirely.

"Whatever you're thinking about over there, it's too small," says Gretchen. "*Radical* expansion, cloning *trillions* of humans. Sure, the clones mostly won't contract, but that matters for one or two generations? Then we get magical girls, and sitting at the apex of them all is your girl. Ryouko, the child of Earth. They will bring her the moon, each planet, the stars, the galaxies, the quasars, the void itself…"

"But… that's all terrible," you say. "I don't want that for her. It can't possibly be right."

She turns to you, now with a wide grin.

"Oh, but this is what she was made for, Maggie dear," says Gretchen. "A single organic engine. A perpetual motion machine. The torus continues into eternity, endlessly."

"M-Maggie?" you ask, suddenly *very* unsettled, and not quite sure why it sounds so wrong.

"Heh," she says, with a smirk. "*Clarisse*, then. Tell me." She casually waves a hand, and transforms into a fluffy outfit, all greys and blacks with pastel pink pink and red trim. "Give me a second opinion, tell me if it's the grief spiral talking. Really, truly, honestly. If this is what happens because I save all the magical girls, should I still cherish my wish?"

Her soul gem, on her neck, radiates darkness, *dimming* the sunset behind her.

"Should I be proud of everything I've accomplished?!" she cries out. "Is it all selfish indulgence to try and save them all too?"

It hurts to look. You turn your head. You're not sure what to say to her, either.

She swings her arms and tips over, deliberately, stiffly, falling on her back with a thump. Her head has landed in a muddy puddle, and her hair is now filthy and wet; she folds up her legs, as if getting comfortable on the hard lumpy ground, and rests the right leg on her left knee, staring up at the sky. You can see what appears to be blood, dropping out into the water.

"Sorry about that," she says, giggling, grinning. "Ah, I know, I know, I'm really a bit of an edge-lord when I'm like this, aren't I? Funny, though, the things that keep us sane."

A creature has appeared from somewhere, and walks up to her, nuzzling — some sort of fluffy cotton-ball, with a moustache.

"You know," says the girl, suddenly sounding fragile, vulnerable, "I could just stop. Call out for Penitent Gretchen, the merciful, and end the pain. It would be easy." She closes her eyes for a moment. "But I don't, because… well… who would be there to save everybody?*"*

She looks over to you, expectantly.

"I don't know," you say, "but, it doesn't sound like it's just the grief spiral."

"That's what I thought," she says, detaching her soul gem, and holding it up above her to look. "Anyway, I'm not quite all the way gone yet. Somewhere in there, deep inside, there's still one tiny little pinprick of light, a spark of hope." She closes her eyes again, and smiles. "Thus I linger here, and she can't do a thing about me."

The little cotton-ball steps away from nuzzling her. She reaches out without looking, strokes it, white fluff contrasting with the black and pink fingernails.

You are still searching for something to say. If there's a spark of hope… does that mean it really have to be this way?

\> Surely there was some sequence of events that would have made things better.

Gretchen stands up.

"Oh, don't you get all self-righteous about your precious little timeline and its precious principles," she snarls, fluffing her dress. She can definitely tell what you're thinking; you didn't say anything.

"… And why not?" you ask.

"Oh, you rather like your world and its principles, don't you though?" she asks sharply, and glares at you. "Ha!"

"Oof," says Nanami, flinching.

"Are you okay?" asks Ryouko.

"Yes, hold on," she says, reaching for some grief cubes. "In retrospect, that may not have been the greatest idea. Ow, ow, ow."

You frown. "What did you do?" That was three cubes.

"Welllll," she says. "Oriko's fussing around with grief, right?"

"Yes?" you reply.

"So I tried to look up grief seed replacements like a technology, see if there was anything we could use or understand."

"*That's* a can of worms," you say. "Did you get anything?"

"I got … some sort of executive overview, but it's full of holes," she says, sending it over to you and Ryouko. "Not sure I know what it's even about; might have just short-circuited the magic."

What it \*is, \*besides "full of holes", is covered in metadata declaring a level 5 eyes-only encryption for Joanne Valentin. The encryption itself is conspicuously absent, but this is definitely a Governance standard.

"That's a Dyson sphere, right?" She frowns. "What does that have to do with grief, let alone… potatoes?"

A chill runs down your spine.

*Clarisse?* asks Ryouko internally. *What was that?*

Her soul gem even flickered there for a moment.

"Nanami," you say, evenly. "Listen very carefully. *Stop* reading, right now, and delete it."

"Delete it?!?" she asks. "I just paid three cubes to—"

"It is a thing altogether accursed and evil," you say, in a deliberately intense tone; "you must destroy all traces, *now*, and never, ever, speak of these matters again."

Nanami blinks. "Are you serious?"

"This is *torture* technology, Nanami," you say.

"… Whoa-kay," she says, holding up her hands and taking a breath. "Gone."

You let out your own breath.

"Thank you."

...

And that's all there is, you're caught up.

Ryouko has shifted position, and is avoiding eye contact.

*Clarisse?* she asks internally, meekly. *Is it bad if I looked?*

You check to see what she saw.

Neural engineering? That doesn't quite fit with what you knew of grief potatoes. An emotional data collector, it says, and the location in the brain seems familiar…

Oh.

Oh, no.

Oh, no, oh no oh no ohno no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no.

*Is that the thing that's in my brain?* asks Ryouko. *What does it do? What's it collecting emotions for?*

You stand up.

"I'm sorry," you say. "If you don't mind, I'll be right back."

*Clarisse?* asks Ryouko. \*Is something wrong?

Really, just one moment,\* you tell her. *Please*.

***

The bathroom compartment is just a few steps away; you step in and shut the door behind you.

You are pondering the merits of actually throwing up. You don't *have* to, of course; there are ways for you to suppress the reaction, even short of emotional suppression. You decide against it, but it's funny, almost, how you'd almost rather be suffering right now.

Why?

Why is Ryouko mixed up in this, in *your* universe?

Why would Governance even *contemplate* it? They know better.

How *dare* they.

You huddle in a corner on the floor, hugging your knees. Is this your weird stress reaction? You think back to what Gretchen said. You suppose this must be like what she was saying she felt, though, you're not really quite sure how good a job it's doing of keeping you sane.

After a few more moments, the disquiet of your thoughts, and the rhythm of the train, is interrupted by an unwelcome voice.

"Hello again, Clarisse."

You scowl, and look up at the incubator perched on the edge of the sink.

"Why are *you* here?" you snarl.

"Well, to begin with, I have news that I am certain you would want me to mention. I have discovered the reason your magical potential is acting so strangely. There's a certain technique that has been applied to seal it away. I can't imagine quite why anyone would have reason to do so, but it hardly matters here, so I've reversed it. Your full potential should now be available."

You stare at him wordlessly.

"What's truly astonishing was that you were able to overcome the seal before." He flicks his tail. "If you would like to make a contract with me and become a magical girl, I am happy to say that the results would be nothing short of spectacular."

***

**> make a contract?**

\[ ]\[Contract] Make a contract
\- \[ ] (write in proposed contract)
\[ ]\[Contract] Abnegate
\- \[ ] Tell him you already have magic
\- \[ ] Activate emotional suppression
\- \[ ] Ask questions (write in)
\- \[ ] Apply violence

\[ ]\[Airport] Ambush Oriko and Simona and demand answers, as planned.
\- \[ ] Approach the two and attempt polite discussion
\- \[ ] Approach the two of them, and threaten Oriko
\- \[ ] Sneak up to Simona and teleport her somewhere (to get her alone)
\- \[ ] (write in alternative tactics)

\[ ]\[Sharing] Tell the whole gang of the Star Empire
\[ ]\[Sharing] Limit the sharing as much as possible
-\[] give Nanami an overview
-\[] tell Ryouko of the princess
-\[] tell Ryouko about Asami
-\[] give Kyouko her message
