# making that decision is part of me, too

Before you read the 1 year anniversary doot, you may be interested in our [recap episode.](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/clarisse-quest-now-in-part-ii-revolutionary-girl-clarisse-a-pmmm-tts-quest.44100/page-153#post-11727830)

**> Abnegate**
\>> For now.

"… Maybe later," you say, standing up and straightening your dress.

"I understand," says Kyuubey. "Your potential should be relatively stable, but take your time. If there's anything I can do that will make you more comfortable, let me know."

"I'll keep that under advisement," you reply. "I do have questions that might help."

**>>> Ask QB what our limits are on the masquerade**

"I am willing to defer to your judgement," says Kyuubey.

"I beg your pardon?" you ask.

"As far as I'm concerned, you have carte blanche. Do as you will. I can't protect you from all the implications of publicity, but I'll trust you to reason about those."

You blink a few times as you process this.

"Really," you remark.

"You're clearly a responsible girl, and for someone with potential such as yours, I'm willing to make a variety of accommodations."

You frown.

"Exactly how much potential are we talking about?" you ask.

"I'm afraid I can't say," he says.

You sigh. "Of course you can't."

"Please accept my apologies," says Kyuubey. "It is beyond my present ability to measure. This almost never happens."

That's… huh. You spend a moment pondering.

"How exactly do you measure a thing like that?" you ask.

"I'd prefer not to discuss my techniques," says Kyuubey. "Potential itself is a question of the soul, its capacity for an ardent desire, and size of the destiny which it bears. I suppose that your arrival in this world has proven very influential."

Kyuubey is being unusually forthcoming. You wonder if this is some scheme.

\>>>> Ask\*\* about the magic seal, and any other seals\*\*

"How about the potential modification?" you ask.

"I can only assume it was another incubator who did it," he says. "Perhaps the incubators in your timeline wanted to keep it a secret."

You frown again. "And you're not interested in cooperation?"

"My objective is to preserve *this* timeline," he declares. "If I thought it would help to cooperate, that might be another matter, but at present we don't even have reliable communication!"

You make a note to make sure that you don't give it to them, either.

"Are there any others, on me or anyone else?" you ask.

He shakes his head no. "Nothing like that, at least that I'm aware of."

**>>>> And if he can tell us anything useful about Oriko's powers**

"I understand that she has some insight into the future," he says. "It does consume a substantial amount of magic, and while she does not like to be in combat herself. I'm afraid I am unaware of the specifics."

"You don't know?" you ask. "That's surprising."

"Magic is private," he says. "When I accompany a girl for training, I will often ask her about the specifics, or if she has a mentor, I might listen as she does the same — but if a girl does not share, then there's nothing I can do."

Of course, the MSY puts it all on the record as soon as possible. Huh. It seems slightly more nefarious in this context. But what are the alternatives? Should the MSY be considering mitigation strategies?

**>>>> And also if there are any other MGs in or around the airport**

"I haven't sensed any," he says.

"I see," you say.

"I hope this has been helpful," he says. "Feel free to take your time deciding on a wish. If you ever decide that you want it, I'll be there waiting for you."

He quickly flicks his tail, and hops down the trash bin.

The lack of any impact sound makes you suspect that he's quite gone — or at least, as *gone* as he ever can be relied upon to be, a matter which is its own can of worms.

Okay then.

It is almost time to face all of this.

\> Check our memory files for why Kyouko thought we were cute.

It's very retro-space-cadet, a pinkish dress with a flared skirt, and for trim, a puffy white double rim.

Well. That's something.

You take a look in the mirror, adjust Papa's hairpin, and step back outside.

***

**>>> tell Ryouko about the princess and Asami**

You tell Ryouko first, of course.

\*The other Ryouko is certainly a princess, with magic to match. Your counterpart is at the center of a network of magic, which you can share via promises, allegiance, and oaths like the vow of friendship you made on the roof. It's very powerful, the lynchpin of their victory over the squid, and likely to become one of the primary organizing principles for their magical girl society. We can use it in this world because of the ribbon, and I can use it as well because we decided to be more like sisters.

And what about Asami?\* she asks.

*Safe when I left her*, you note, \*but… perhaps not particularly well respected.

Why not?\*

It's hard to explain.

You share all the ideas, all the reasons \*why, \*and the memories they're attached to.

\*I think your counterpart was going to try to do something about it. We were a part of something similar with Azrael, subverting things from within. She's definitely not all bad.

But… you're not happy with her as she is, are you?\* asks Ryouko.

\*No, \*you admit.

*Show me, please,* she asks.

You do so.

Ryouko attempts to integrate the ideas you share into her self-concept.

*I don't like it,* she says. *It's not right. I guess maybe if she's me, if we have the same soul, then the way she acts is partly my fault too — but I can decide that it isn't what I want, and making that decision is part of me, too.*

There's something more to the sense of defiance, something almost of of self-discovery… just a kernel of the idea of who Ryouko ought to be, and what she should fight for. It's not by itself her place in the universe. It's not her purpose or an identity.

But it's a start.

*Yes*, you agree. *That's very much a part of you.*

***

**> Give Homura a brief summary in timestop, without revealing anything about the Goddess. Explain apologetically that the info is too sensitive to discuss in the open.**

"Might I have a moment of your time, in timestop?," you ask Homura.

"Um, okay," she says.

"We are about to have an extraordinarily sensitive conversation," you say. "I should very much prefer to include you, but it's literally not safe to use words to actually speak about it in the open. Kyuubey could be listening, even if it's telepathy, and Oriko could be watching."

"Oh," she says.

"I want to save your timestop for when we might need it, so I'll keep it brief. We can follow up later."

***

\>>> Give Nanami and Machina a complete overview.

It's easiest just to send memories.

\<Nanami> okay, so, it's like … literally infinite.
\<Nanami> damn, that makes too much sense.
\<Machina> It's been tried before. There were plans to do things like this during the Unification Wars, though not at such a grand scale. It took a concerted effort to stop them, and we paid a very steep price.
\<Machina> Which is why I'm so very skeptical that Governance is involved in any way.
\<Nanami> Okay, can I un-delete the data? Is that okay? Much cheaper than conjuring it.
\<Clarisse> It's okay. We actually should have looked closer. I'm not quite sure whether I was entirely myself when I asked to begin with. The transition periods seem fuzzy.

You review the data again. It's really just a few fragments, a copy of the illustrations attached as an of the document, quite short on text, let alone technical detail. The one thing you can see looking at them again is that the emotional data collection system in Ryouko's brain is designated as Experimental Alternative A. This is the subject of some speculation.

\<Nanami> Maybe it's a stopgap, or maybe it's a whole different program.
\<Machina> Well, we don't very well have the excess industrial capacity to build even a small ringworld in the middle of the war.
\<Machina> That said — it's unremarkable that Governance has studied such a thing. As a rule, they study many more things than they to pursue, if only to understand why they should be avoided. What's remarkable is that someone has put the plan into action. I will further note that Joann Valentin clearly was informed about these matters, yet neglected to mention them in her reports on Ryouko's brain.

\> Resolve not to jump to conclusions about the Governance. They haven't done anything yet.

\<Clarisse> We shouldn't jump to conclusions, though.
\<Machina> Indeed. This information is dangerous enough that it's possible Joann voluntarily had the memories erased. She might be entirely honest. But it does suggest that whoever is involved in the research either is highly placed in Governance, or can compromise our systems.
\<Nanami> Um. Well… *I* can compromise your systems, and I'm not even in the same timeline.
\<Clarisse> Gretchen seemed to suggest that Governance was less innocent in the matter than we'd prefer.
\<Nanami> Oi. I'm not touching this one.
\<Machina> That's fair.
\<Machina> A question arises. How paranoid are we willing to be?
\<Clarisse> For hypothetical purposes, we can entertain maximum paranoia.
\<Machina> Who is in a position where they could actually pull this off? Even with magic, this is a lot to hide. My speculation is that there are highly placed Governance resources at work here, and if I'm being really paranoid, I suspect they might be erasing their memories of the matter while they're not working on it, probably through their own mind manipulation magic. So if we follow that right up to the top, the two suspects with the means to do so are Chitose Yuma, and Akemi Homura. Homura is a wild card, but Yuma lives and breathes this sort of intrigue.
\<Ryouko> Oh, goddess.
\<Machina>To be clear, she's a rather different person than the girl you know, Nanami. Over four hundred years of experience will do that to a person.
\<Nanami> Yeah, I've been reading about the other one, she seems... off.
\<Machina> All that aside, I am at least pleased to find Mami-chan a purpose to work towards here. Obviously this is not at all as we would wish it, but strictly as a short-term matter, I couldn't have asked for anything better for her psyche.

***

**> Tell everyone that the ribbon ribboned.**
\>> Lay out the dark aspects of the future that Simona comes from and Oriko may be trying to recreate.
\>>> We're going to try to convince them to turn away from this path, but this future *cannot* be allowed to come to pass.

You get the sense that while there is a little bit of dazzle and jelaousy from the otherworldly adventure as you start, it's a serious enough matter that no one is really thrilled.

Sayaka is, perhaps, the most thoughtful about it. *That's what the world's like, though, isn't it?* she posits. *Even here, right now, lots of people treat other people like garbage, so that they can exploit them. These guys are just better at it.*

Madoka doesn't seem to think that this is what a magical girl is supposed to be about. Ryouko agrees with this quite strongly. Wakaba merely thinks that it's a lot to deal with. The others are quiet.

***

\>> Give Kyouko her message.

*It's not what I expected,* Kyouko admits. \*But… thank you.

You're welcome,\* you reply.

Kyouko gives your hand a squeeze.
\*
She grew up really pretty, though, didn't she?

Uhm,\* you say, blushing, \*I wasn't quite trying to think of her in those terms—

Ah,\* adds Kyouko, with echos of the laughter in her tone,\* don't you worry about it\*. *If anything, I'm a little flattered.*

She smiles at you, though, after a moment, the smile falls.

*Are you okay?* you ask.

*… Oh, you know, I'm just … trying to hold off on crying until this is done with,* she says. \*It's not my style, you know?

It would be okay if you did, just the same,\* you assure her.

*Eh,* she concludes.\* We have work to do. Tears are for afterwards, I know that much.\*

You hold her hand as she puts on a rather good show of not crying for the remainder of the ride.

***

\> Brief everyone on Simona's abilities: timestop-blocking barrier, strategic wormholes. Strategize.
\>> Confirm that the covers-retrieval and gasoline-replacement plans were done.
\>> Distribute the covers among the friendly MGs.
\>> Deploy in teams of two or more when possible.
\>> Warn Ryouko that some versions of Simona may be able to redirect her teleports
\>>> Have multiple tactical contingencies in place.
\>> Remind everyone about the masquerade

You remind everyone about the need for secrecy. Even if Kyuubey isn't enforcing it, you doubt he'll help you too much with the consequences of discovery.

Some scouting locates a spot on a nearby golf course, within an easy teleport hop of the airport, but far enough that soul gem detection should be difficult, particularly if you suppress the emissions. There's a stand of trees for cover, with wide open views of the approach from the airport. A single group together should have the most opportunities for teleporting, and being near to each other is more convenient for ribbons. You're pretty sure that they'll help you with time-stop.

With this in mind, Mami transforms.

Ryouko flinches.

Homura seems surprised.

You're a little concerned yourself.

*Machina,* you ask. \*What is this?

It's a magical girl transformation,\* she assures you.

*It's not *Mami's* magical girl transformation,* you declare.

*Oh, but isn't it, now?* asks Machina.

*She looks like her witch,* you conclude.

Yellowy-green striped stockings, a teal dress, frills on its bottom, a sewn red polka-dot dress pocket, an oversized bonnet with an oversized ribbon, oversized sleeves…

*Oh, that's nice. Are you going to fight her, then, to put her out of her misery?* asks Machina.

\*…. I certainly hope not? \*you reply.

*Then if this is the nature of her witch, it makes it all the more important for her to come to terms with this aspect of her personality,* she declares.

*You are not reassuring me about her emotional stability!* you note.

*What gave you the idea that Mami had emotional stability?* she asks. \*Even in 400 years it's a challenge sometimes.

Okay, okay,\* you concede\*.\*

"Mami-chan can make magic ribbons," says the girl. "If we all hold on, we can stay together and stay safe."

She offers one to you and Kyouko, who seems for a moment just a little amused by the concept of being tied to you.

***

**> Ambush Oriko and Simona and demand answers, as planned.**
\>> Try to arrange to speak to Simona separately first, possibly with timestop and/or by getting Oriko stopped at Customs.

The customs network is a wired network, for security, so it takes a little while to get at the equipment, but in the end, it's a lot like the skyscraper. A few moments alone with the servers, and Nanami has prepared remote access, flagging Oriko as worthy of special attention. Surveillance of the rest of the airport is a bonus.

***

**>>> Diplomatic team: Kyoko and Clarisse**

The time has come.

You wait.

*Crap,* says Nanami.

\*What's wrong? \*you ask.

*They're taking Oriko aside,* says Nanami, *but she's at the immigration controls, before she even gets to customs. This isn't what we wanted.*

You frown.
\*
Any sign she knows what's up?

Not yet,\* says Nanami. \*She's playing it cool. No magic yet that I can tell.
\*
She might not have seen through all the specifics of the plan, if visions are expensive, and she'd be reluctant to check again. Perhaps she'd assume it's just because of her father, and the scandal, and wait it out quietly...

You wait it out yourself.

Simona has gone on ahead, waiting patiently for her suitcase at the baggage claim.

You are doing your best not to fiddle nervously with Mami's ribbon.

Kyouko leans idly against a pillar on the other side of the Arrivals screens, just around the corner, focusing on suppressing her gem emissions.

After an agonizing delay, Simona finally emerges from the secure area, looking around the terminal.

"...Clarisse?" she asks, noticing you.

"Simona?" you reply.

"It is you! Praise the stars!" she exclaims. "Clarisse, o sublime and merciful — I need your help, or Ryouko is going to be ever so upset with me."

You frown.

"Why would Ryouko be upset?"

Simona approaches more closely, and looks ashamed; her cheeks are slightly red, and she avoids eye contact. "I have broken my word," she declares. "I have broken a promise, an important one. I can still make it right, but … I will need your help."

"… Simona, what did you do?"

"I have misplaced the princess's favorite toy. I had promised explicitly to take care of her, but… well, I needed a distraction, and it all got somewhat out of hand."

"Her favorite… toy." you repeat.

"Yes. So it's *very* important that you lend me the ribbon's power again, that I may take another trip back to the Hell Dimension, and then fetch her safely here, so that we all can live happily ever after."

**>>> Ask \[Simona] to explain precisely what it is they're trying to accomplish here.**

"I think you need to explain," you say. "Everything. In detail. Start at the beginning. What exactly are you trying to accomplish?"

"Okay, okay," she says. "So you know your little Moon Princess club that you were trying to hide, and not tell me about? Oriko filled me in on it, and about how you'd been making extra-temporal excursions. She also warned me that you had failed, and that the universe was about to be rewritten, but at least our souls wouldn't be erased in *every* universe. The plan was to find another instance of Ryouko, bring her here, restore her memories as the Princess, save humanity for real this time, then we all live happily ever after."

You scowl. "Did it occur to you at all that another version of Ryouko might have been happy where she was?" you ask, coldly.

"Of *course* it occurred to me, Clarisse. That's why we specifically chose the Hell Dimension. Not that we really had a lot of options, Ryouko is a pretty rare soul…"

"What exactly makes it so hellish?" you demand.

"For starters?," asks Simona. "Some shadowy para-governmental conspiracy has violated Ryouko's genome to install a prototype emotional data recorder *in her brain*. Sacrilegious enough by itself, but when she dies, they intend to reactivate her soul in a computer simulation, hold it in stasis on the edge of despair, and collect foul hell energies… because *apparently,* solar-powered grief sources aren't\* efficient \*enough for their liking."

You blink, wordlessly.

"So I left just before the world was about to be unmade, and *tried* to rescue her from this fate, but *apparently* one of their ancients can use the hell energy directly somehow, and I had to bail us out of there *hard.*"

She takes a breath.

"And here we are now," she continues, "in the ruins of the empire, and I'm very glad to see you, and you'll have to tell me more about how you survived, and I can answer all your questions, but first, I beg you, in the name of Ryouko, will you *please* lend me my own temporal powers again, for the limited purpose of\* retrieving Ryouko's kissing partner?"\*

***

**> happy 1 year anniversary, CQ!**

\[ ]\[Asami] Allow Simona to retrieve Asami
-\[ ] Insist on accompanying her
\[ ]\[Asami] Refuse Simona's request
