# Ryouko, O ardent and beautiful

\> Terrifying Thought: The alien invasion fleet appeared over Earth through a seemingly-impossible wormhole. Simona's powers generate wormholes. Did Simona destroy our world just to give herself a chance to abduct Ryouko?
\> ~~scream internally / Emotional suppression~~

That won't be necessary.

\> Stream this to the rest of the team. Consult.
\>> Theorize: this seems to be SE!Simona, and she seems to have set this all up to try to get SE!Ryouko in our Ryouko's body.
\>>> SE timeline was apparently destroyed, possibly by the goddess, because of their engine of infinite suffering.
\>> Theorize: did she enter this timeline bodily, or has she manifested in Salem Simona's body like we do during ribbon incidents?

\<Clarisse> I find myself somewhat distressed.
\<Clarisse> It seems like Simona had the means and motive to open a wormhole deep into alien territory
\<Clarisse> To use an alien invasion and untold deaths as a *distraction*
\<Clarisse> as part of a plot to use Ryouko as a replacement vessel for her Star Princess
\<Clarisse> just before the Star Empire was — presumably — destroyed for their crimes.
\<Clarisse> She assumes we're also from the empire, but doesn't quite understand exactly what's going on.
\<Nanami> With you so far.
\<Clarisse> Do you think she would have come here physically?
\<Clarisse> Or did she use the ribbon to manifest as the girl who was attending Salem?
\<Ryouko> This is a bit of a guess, but I think she came physically.
\<Ryouko> The ribbon was tied to my arm at the time, is the main thing.
\<Ryouko> Um. Are we quite sure that *we* arrived physically?
\<Clarisse> Why would there be another Ryouko here to switch with?
\<Ryouko> Because the Star Empire was about to burn.
\<Ryouko> And because she could borrow the same powers
\<Ryouko> and *someone* was attending school in Salem.
\<Ryouko> and because Clarisse came from somewhere
\<Ryouko> So for all we know, I might actually physically be her princess, but with a Governance personality overlay?
\<Clarisse> … That's a somewhat terrifying thought, yes.
\<Nanami> Huh.
\<Nanami> Does that matter or is it a distinction without a difference?
\<Machina> It's magic, so, it might make a difference.
\<Machina> We might be able to do physical tests later?
\<Machina> We might not find anything, but there could be something.
\<Clarisse> Okay.
\<Clarisse> I'm going to try and resolve this peacefully
\<Clarisse> But just in case, is anyone going to object if we have to apply violence?
\<Kyouko> Aw, hell no.
\<Nanami> Not at all.
\<Machina> As long as it isn't our preferred option.
\<Clarisse> Well then. We should warn Homura, and get to this.

\> Someone please ask Homura to timestop so they can summarize things for her.

Nanami summarizes for Homura.

"We think that Simona is trying to conjure the alternate-universe princess to overwrite Ryouko," begins Nanami, "but it's complicated. We're hoping to avoid combat, but that might not be possible. Watch out."

***

**> \[Simona] Tell her we can't do that right now. What's the hurry? It's time travel.**
\>> It's hard for us to trust her when she's working with Ryouko's murderer.
\>>> Gauge her response to that news and adjust tone appropriately.
\>> Ryouko was wished back, and would very much like a word with her. **Now.**

"I'm afraid it will have to wait," you say. "Besides — if it's time travel, what's the rush?"

"The rush is Ryouko," says Simona. "I want to show up with Asami, not disappoint her as soon as we meet again."

You sigh.

"Well, there are two major problems with this request," you say, coolly. "The more serious one is that it's really quite difficult to trust you when you're working with Ryouko's *murderer*."

Simona looks confused.

"What?" She shakes her head. "That can't be right, we're going to meet up with her today, it's—"

"Oriko orchestrated her assassination," you say. "Ryouko was simply fortunate enough to be wished back to life."

"She orche— No. There's no way," insists Simona. "Ryouko's her key to everything. She showed me visions, and she's definitely there."

You ponder that ever so briefly.

"The visions are a lie," you tell her.

"*How?*" asks Simona. "She's *hardly* an illusionist."

"The Ryouko in the visions is a fake. It's not the real girl. She's found some way to exploit the corpse."

"And why would she do that?" she asks.

"I'd love to know myself," you say. "Maybe she's just trying to stop *you*."

"She's the one who sent me here to begin with!"

You sigh. This isn't likely to be resolved right now.

"All that aside," you say, "the second problem with your plan is that Ryouko is watching this entire conversation right now; she's been very worried about Asami, and she'd very much like a word with you."

Simona goes white.

"… please," she implores, "please, a one-time, limited grant, I'll set all of this right —"

"No," you insist. "No interruptions. We're going to see her, now."

"Just give me this one last chance —"

"No!" you say.

Simona sighs.

"Okay," Simona says. "If she wants to see me in person, I will not refuse her." She closes her eyes.

"Thank you," you say.

Simona makes a gesture, holding up her right hand and aiming her palm at a nearby wall.

"… Simona what are you doing — Oh, oh, goddess, no, no, Simona, not like that!"

An orange-rimmed portal has opened on the wall. It displays a view of the night sky.

Ryouko senses a little magic herself, turns to look — the other half has manifested a short distance away, on the flattest surface around, the ground near a putting green.

*"*You said* now,*" she retorts.

"In public?!?"

\*Should I try to stop her? \*asks Kyouko.

\> If we can get her to come with us, can Ryouko try to get her to explain herself?

*… Let her go through,* you allow. *At least she's sort of cooperating, kind of? We should watch her on the other end, though. Don't let her get too close, or try anything.*

Machina acknowledges. Mami gets into position.

"Stay behind a tree," Nanami quietly directs Homura, summoning a railgun.

Simona steps through the portal with a little jump, falling forward so that she ends up upright — she's probably practiced this a lot.

"Simona?" asks Ryouko, as she approaches.

Simona avoids eye contact, and looks at the ground.

"Simona, what are you doing?" asks Ryouko.

Simona stops suddenly, and falls to her knees.

Ryouko is taken aback.

"I have failed thy service, Ryouko, O ardent and beautiful," she says. "I have forsworn my oaths, and failed in my duties. I have sinned against you, in what I have done, and in what I have failed to do — through my fault, through my own grievous fault."

\> If we can get her to come with us, can Ryouko try to get her to explain herself?
~~> Maybe with less vague, poetic language and more actual facts?~~

If only.

*What the hell is this?* asks Kyouko. *Some freaky prayer?*

Ryouko stares at Simona. She is becoming increasingly disturbed.

"Simona, please, this isn't —"

Simona prostrates herself on the ground.

"My righteous deeds are like a filthy garment," she continues, in a pained tone.

Ryouko isn't sure how she feels about Simona right now, but is certain that this is not right.

On the surveillance feeds, it seems that Oriko is being escorted to a small holding cell by one of the border officers, who is carrying her passport.

The portal remains open. No one has noticed it just yet.

***

**> may Ryouko have mercy on her soul**

\[ ]\[Portal] Follow her through the portal with Kyouko
\[ ]\[Portal] Remain where you are
-\[ ] Use Ryouko's magic to close it

\[ ]\[Simona] Let her keep talking, see where it ends up, then demand answers
\[ ]\[Simona] Make her be quiet
-\[ ] With magical force if necessary
-\[ ] Evacuate Ryouko if she switches to telepathy
\[ ]\[Simona] Shoot her, now
