# It seems the cake gods have smiled on me today.

This updoot is brought to you by: RegioJet (aka Student Agency), Swiss Airlines, and jet lag. The delay in this updoot is brought to you by the Dacia Express, which went out of service early at Budapest and ruined everyone's sleep.

***

**> be Simona**

"Ophelia?" you ask, ducking your head around the corner. "What's happening?"

The girl you ask is sitting on a carpet on the floor; her legs are folded gracefully to the side. She is watching a broadcast on a video screen in front of her — on battery power, as the rest has just gone out.

She shrugs. "Nobody's said."

"Well, it can't be too bad," you say. "They're still broadcasting."

Ophelia nods.

"What are you watching?" you ask.

"It's about the princess," she says.

"Oh," you reply, less interested. "Propaganda, then."

"She's pretty," says the girl. "That's not propaganda."

"The rest is," you say. "Did you think the princess's minders just let her wander off in the middle of the trip, and she *just happened* to make friends with a violinist, *moments after* the girl made a contract?"

"Don't spoil it for me!" says Ophelia. "Besides, it's not like you didn't watch it too."

"I watched it ironically," you declare. "That's different."

Ophelia, in a dreamy mood, stretches gracefully and closes her eyes a moment.

"Maybe she'll visit here one day," suggests Ophelia, "and we'll greet her with a dance, and we can make friends too," suggests Ophelia. "Do you think she needs a dancer?"

"The royal court has a dance academy," you note. "But I'm not good enough, and you're… too good." She's designed for such things, optimized. Even when she's just lounging on the floor, her pose radiates grace. But she's a bit too stylized. Her limbs are too long; her fingers are too slender; and her bright, blue, radiant eyes are a bit too big. She's very pretty on a stage, but she's too obviously a product of artifice, even if she is well crafted.

"If I made a wish, I could do it," she says.

"Is that really what you'd wish for?" you ask.

"Maybe," she says.

You frown.

Ophelia belongs with her eleven sisters, and it's not certain how many of them are alive. If any of them are, it's not certain that there's anyone to take them in. Teaching the princess to dance wouldn't really be your priority right now. But then, you suppose that she is bound to a purpose, in a way that you can't possibly imagine… which, of course, does impact the question of potential.

Well. It's not *impossible* impossible, and besides, having *any* potential at all is already impossible, so what's *another* one-in-ten-thousand between friends, anyway? Certainly not worth mentioning.

"If the power's out," you propose, "I'll get a blanket."

She nods, and when you have the blanket you sit down to join her, and watch it again, but not because of any stupid princesses.

"Do you think the princess would like to dance?" asks Ophelia.

"The princess no doubt will favor *ballroom* dance," you say. "Your *pas de deux* might be a little too advanced for her."

"Oh," says Ophelia. "I like the waltz too, though."

"You like *every* dance," you say.

She smiles. "I do. And also birds, and falling leaves, dragonflies, canoes, the tiny little insects that glide on the water, and—"

"Ssh," you say, interrupting.

She shushes.

"Do you hear something?" you ask.

She considers a moment.

"I *might* have felt something," she concludes.

You shake your head. "It's probably nothing. If something were really wrong, they'd put out an emergency bulletin."

The violinist girl starts to play her piece.

"Oh," says Ophelia, leaving the cover of the blanket and standing up. "I want to dance to this."

Ophelia improvises. She seems to know just what to do, even though she hasn't heard it before. She's a bit of a simpleton in day to day life, you suppose, but in her element, she is a genius, and the way that she moves is beautiful. How you feel about this is … complicated. You're not quite sure whether you should be pitying her, or envying her.

Well. In the midst of war, as a refugee in your home, you suppose it's harder to envy.

You sit back to watch her dance, but something still bothers you. Shouldn't they have made an announcement about the outage by now, even if it's just a localized thing?

The ground shakes, *hard*. Ophelia *trips*, falling over onto you awkwardly. You try to catch her —

***

Today was *supposed* to be a good day.

Ryouko would have her parade, and it would make her smile a lot. This is probably the most important part, that smile. There would be a little victory ceremony, you would celebrate victory, and then, she might turn her smile to you. And maybe, just maybe, if you have enough courage…

Well, you'd kiss her like you meant it, and confess your love.

Why? Because Ryouko is a magical enchanted princess, and if there's anything that could break an enchantment on such a princess, it would be true love's first kiss. And then you'd live happily ever after, *if* you could just hold onto that feeling for long enough to act on it, before you are dazzled, before the heartache diffuses into the drowsy, sunshine glow of admiration, and you forget all that you have lost, forget even what crying is.

It's starting to look like the idea of practicing was a mistake, though, because it's spawned a new subplot in this little fairy-tale.

Maybe you should have gone through Clarisse.

Oh, Clarisse.

Sometimes you're jealous of her, of how she's been able to be so close to Ryouko. You muse to yourself once again — is having a soul really all that important? You'd give up magic for Ryouko, change places with Clarisse, be a fleeting and transient phenomenon rather than a person.

It's probably for the best that you don't, of course. Clarisse is very good for Ryouko — she is probably a materialized agent of Ryouko's wish, and maybe your own as well, though you're not quite sure that she realizes that. She is helping to perfect the princess. And it's not as if you aren't sharing your life with Ryouko as it is.

It's been a little frustrating, though, as Clarisse continues to insist that it's very important for Ryouko to have real friends, all different types of people — *especially* the people that no one else would give a second thought. This is right and good, but … you hurt.

It's not a bad hurt; if anything, it makes you feel very special. You know you are not the only one who bears this precious gift, but you are without a doubt the most blessed, to love her so.

Well. There's a time to clean up messes quietly, and that time has passed.

An enchanted princess is guarded by a dragon. You step through the door to that dragon's office.

"Lady Kure," you address her, genuflecting for a moment.

"Ah, Simona!" she says, leaning back in her chair and taking a long drag on a long cigarette. "What brings you here?"

This is going to be singularly unpleasant. Kure-sama did her best to end you life the first time she laid eyes on you, util Ryouko interposed, and you get the feeling that she still considers the matter unfinished business.

You take a deep breath.

"I would like to report a missing item," you say.

"Try the lost and found?" she suggests, drily.

You take a deep breath.

"I would like to report a missing personal entertainment gynoid, serial SEVS-44935. I do not know what program she is running, and would not wish for her to interrupt the festivities."

Kirika stretches, and tilts her head.

"Oh, oh," she says. "Whatever do you have one of those for, Simona? You *naughty* girl."

You try *not saying anything,* because she does this to people.

Kure-sama chuckles at your discomfort, and rises, circling around you, slowly, deliberately. She wears very hard shoes, and they make a sharp noise against the stone floor.

"Were you two going to *corrupt* our lovely princess, my dear?" she enquires.

"Never," you declare.

"That's dumb; what did you get her for, then?" she asks.

"I w-wanted to p-practice kissing," you say.

She stops circling, and reaches her arm around to the far side of your neck.

"Oh, Simona, my dear little sweet," she says, drawing her face uncomfortably near, "I could have helped you with *that*."

"That w-won't be necessary," you stutter, staring in her eyes.

There is a pause. Then Kure-sama lets you go, and laughs, and slaps you on the back. "A pity!" she declares, quite amused with herself.

"Enough," interrupts a voice, sharply.

You turn to face the speaker. Mikuni Oriko, and… what in the stars is that she's carrying?

"Leave the girl alone," says Oriko.

Kure-sama sighs. "Oh, come on," she says. "The two of us were just going to have a little harmless fffffffffffffuck, you brought *cake?*"

"Indeed," she says.

Kure-sama looks concerned.

"It is fluffy, and warm, and nice," says Oriko. "It seems the cake gods have smiled on me today."

You blink, confused.

"Um," you ask. "Is this a good cop, bad cop thing?" You look between the two of them. "Because I am already *quite* willing to cooper—"

"This is the two of us having cake," interrupts Oriko. "Our first time, perhaps, but certainly not our last. Sit down," she directs, gesturing to a nearby table by the window.

Kure Kirika is now looking very nervous, and this is disconcerting in new ways.

You sit down.

"I will tell you why you lost your robot girl," she declares, laying out silverware.

You shake your head. "I really should never have brought her to begin—"

"Divine intervention," declares Oriko.

You find yourself doing the *confused* thing again.

"The goddess is acting against me quite openly now," she explains "She has always been a most dangerous adversary, and now, she has found a clever ruse to trick me."

"She isn't on our side?" you ask.

"It's complicated," admits Oriko, shrugging, and slicing the cake. "We both work to preserve humanity, but she despises my methods. Her weakness is that she simply isn't ruthless enough. She is unwilling to make the sacrifices which are required to bring about everlasting peace, lines that she does not want crossed, which we have crossed. By now, she would sooner see humanity perish than to see us succeed."

You hesitate as Oriko delivers the plate to you.

"Please, eat the cake," she says. "It's easier this way. I've seen how this conversation goes already, I know what you want to say, so just enjoy yourself."

You suppose you look rather skeptical.

"I baked it myself," adds Oriko.

Kure Kirika flinches.

"Now, as regards this incident. You observed yourself quite some time ago that Ryouko's life is a highly orchestrated one, nearly free of coincidence. Most of it is orchestrated by myself, on behalf of our empress. Your own interactions with her are of course part of this. You have been, and will be, a very important catalyst for what is about to come."

"What's about to—"

Oriko picks up a piece of cake on a fork and places it right in front of your face.

You eat the cake. It is a strawberry sponge cake, and rather good.

"Ryouko was meant to be our protector," explains Oriko, "not simply against our temporal foes, as you have seen, but extratemporal ones. Her soul is very special. She is far more than a mere princess; she is a goddess, given human form."

You have narrowly avoid choking on the cake.

"You wish to know how the soul of a goddess is conjured," says Oriko. "It is the nature of souls to constrain the future. If one sees far enough, and can shape that future, it is not so hard… though I must confess, it is far easier when that goddess leaves agents and tools in the temporal realm."

You swallow the cake.

"What does it \*mean \*for Ryouko—"

"To be the center of all magic," interrupts Oriko, "loved by all of humanity, and protecting us in return, answering our prayers. Today, in victory, she will meet her ultimate destiny, and you will see her worshipped, by the empress herself. Clarisse is to be her mediatrix, and you, Simona, her consort."

You…

you are so
mewhat di
stressingly inco
coherent, certainly speechless\&kind of
stunned
your heart is beating a bit
More quickly than it should, that's for certain, t
houg
h it doesn't quite all make
sense, but it's…

"Or so it would be," continues Oriko. "But today is when the death goddess, hell-bent on the destruction of humanity, will act. It is a clever gambit, though a desperate one. She has much to lose if it fails, and her success is uncertain. She will send this conflict to a place which is forbidden to exist, by her own laws, a place beyond my vision and hers alike. You must see to Ryouko's future."

You
you attempt to
***calm***
yourself, and swallow.

"… Why me?" you ask.

"Your are loyal to her," says Oriko. "You are bound to each other, mutually, by your wishes. She is your purpose."

It's funny to hear it put that way.

And yet… well… if it does come to that…

"Why not Clarisse, then?" you ask.

Oriko shakes her head. "It cannot be Clarisse. She is a singularly dangerous soul."

"… soul?"

That's … are you still confused?

"You will need to work with her, no doubt," says Oriko, "in this universe and in the next, but we cannot rely on her. She is sympathetic to the enemy, and is even now developing creative new ideas about what her loyalty means."

"Like what?" you ask.

Oriko gestures, then turns to look out the window.

You look out yourself, and see — Ryouko, walking alone in the rose garden. No, not walking, she's dancing by herself.

A moment later, Clarisse appears.

What are they doing? Clarisse wants to talk to her, but Ryouko isn't having it… and now, she leans over and gives her a kiss on the lips.

Clarisse is … flustered. Her cheeks are red. But Ryouko squeezes her close, takes her hand, and now the two are dancing a waltz, amidst the red roses, the night sky reflected beneath their feet.

***

\[4] remain where you are, close the portal
\[3] tell Simona to hand over her soul gem
-\[2] to Nanami

"Simona, stop this, and listen to me," says Ryouko.

You look up, not quite sure of what to expect. The portal behind you has closed, though you are uncertain as to how; it wasn't your own magic.

"Please don't grovel like that," she asks. "Take your soul gem, and hand it to Nanami."

One of the other girls approaches. She is carrying a strange gun in one hand, and there is something very familiar about her. Have you met? You don't recognize her.

She regards your soul carefully for a moment, then takes out a — what is that? Some sort of grief removal device?

"I think she's okay," says Nanami aloud.

Ryouko relaxes slightly.

\[2] Demand information on Oriko's visions and their plans
\[2] don't try to impersonate SE!Ryouko but don't correct Simona either

"Tell me about Oriko's visions," says Ryouko. "What are you planning?"

You take a deep breath.

Where do you even start with something like that?

"The goddess of Death is sealed," you explain. "What must be done is to unify humanity, under our guidance."

She looks less than impressed at this.

"And, of course, your protection," you add, hurriedly. "She's located powerful magical artifacts, and conjured advanced technology, so we can have a head start on the things that matter, like magical energy production, and save humanity for real this time."

Ryouko considers that for a minute.

"When you say under my protection," asks Ryouko, "what do you mean?"

Oh, stars. How did Oriko put it?

"Fulfilling your destiny," you say, "as the center of all magic, loved by all of humanity, protecting us in return."

You feel a small jerking sensation—

***

**> be Clarisse**

"Clarisse," asks Kyouko, grabbing your shoulder and looking into your eyes. "Say something. Are you okay?"

You blink.

"I'm… disoriented," you say. "Sorry. There was…"

You pause, and glance quickly around you.

Right, airport. People here. You switch to electronic communication.

"It's nothing," you say, for the benefit of anyone nearby. "Just tired."

*There was a vision,* you send, simultaneously. *It happened just as I closed the portal. I'm okay.*

"Geez," says Kyouko. "You had me worried."

"I'll be fine," you say.

A voice comes on the public address system, in English.

*"Simona del Mago, please return to the Arrivals area. Simona del Mago."*

Kyouko turns her head. "What's that?"

*Good question,* you respond internally, as you hurriedly catch up on what's happening to Oriko.

***

Oriko was being questioned by a border agent in a small, semi-private area, just away from the immigration booths.

"Why were you out of the country?" he asked.

"To meet with a friend of the family," replied Oriko.

"A friend of your father's?"

Oriko closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, and exhales.

"No," she replies, looking directly at the guard. "A girl, about my age. Her name is Simona. She was on the flight here as well, but we went through the checkpoint separately."

The man appeared to consider this a moment.

"Your father knew hers?"

"I suppose this is so," said Oriko.

"In what capacity?" he asked.

"As a patron of several art projects. One among many, of course," says Oriko, smoothly.

The man nodded. "Please wait here," he said, and stepped away.

***

This isn't great. Was the portal visible on camera? It *was*.

*Nanami, I don't like this,* you send on the operational channel, highlighting the public address broadcast. \*Simona's portal was visible on the airport cameras, and so are we, and now they've got an excuse to look at them.

Crap,\* says Nanami.\* I don't like what Simona's saying now, either\*. \*"Conjuring advanced technology?" Please tell me I'm not just some damn pawn in her little game.

She could also be referring to Ryouko somehow,\* suggests Machina, replying to Nanami. *It doesn't necessarily mean you.*

Wait. Are you still disoriented? The timing is funny — Simona *is still saying that*.

Oh. Oh, your vision ran into the future, somehow, if only by a few seconds. This is still happening, *right now*.

"When you say under my protection," asks Ryouko, "what do you mean?"

"Fulfilling your destiny," she says, "as the center of all magic, loved by all of humanity, protecting us in return."

Ryouko processes this idea, and the spectacle of her pathetic friend in front of her.

"Please," says a wide-eyed Simona, looking up at her hopefully.

*Oh, and of course they have a tape system in the loop,* notes Nanami.\* That's going to be so much fun. A pox on analog technologies.\*

***

**> pity Simona?**
Or perhaps, something else.

\[x]\[Simona] Proceed with the plan to tell Simona that you're not from her future, but it can be saved.
\[ ]\[Simona] Ask further questions / make demands
-\[ ] Send her back to the arrivals area, quickly
-\[ ] (write in)
\[ ]\[Simona] (write in some intervention)

\[ ]\[Airport] Remain at Arrivals like you're waiting for someone.
\[ ]\[Airport] Quietly head to the adjacent fast food venue.
\[ ]\[Airport] Quietly leave the airport.
\[ ]\[Airport] Haste! Flee! Teleport away!
\[ ]\[Airport] Infiltrate the holding cell in time-stop and *liberate* Oriko.
