# You do not get to just leave her in Hell

\> Keep an eye on everyone's gems for grief build up, especially Nanami.

Well. I'm glad you're worrying about her, but being the pawn of fate or of Oriko somehow doesn't quite seem to be what's going to keep her up at night. Her gem levels are not being materially impacted. And yet …

You think back to her costume, the leather jacket over the sequined gown, the contradictions in message there. What is she trying to reconcile in herself? The girl who carries a pack of cigarettes on her magical girl training expedition. There's trouble brewing there.

For now, though…

\> \[Tapes] Send Nanami to deal with the tape.

*Right*, Nanami says. *Won't get any easier if we wait. I'll head in with Homura, and brief her along the way.*

She nods to Ryouko, hands Simona's gem to Mami, and motions to Homura. The two of them walk off, and Mami adjusts her positioning. Simona turns her head a little to follow their departure.

"Don't worry about them," says Ryouko. "Tell me what you actually *did*, what *happened*."

"Okay, okay," she says. "Right after I last saw you, I went to the old temple, and ran into Clarisse. She was *very* upset. She said that you had made way too big of a promise, that it was using too much magic, and something was wrong with the supply; that your life, and the universe, were both in danger. It was very scary, and I could tell it was a lot of magic, because she kept glowing. Clarisse asked me to help her with magic. Not the normal kind, but a special extra-universal magic. She did something she said was tampering with someone's wish, she sent a message to herself, and then she sent me to save you from the hell dimension. Now we're both here."

Ryouko frowns.
\*
What would I be making that big of a promise for?\* she wonders. \*We could ask, but it would be suspicious.

I think I have a general idea of the circumstances\*, you admit, sharing some of the sinking feeling in your heart along with your idea.

It was a lavish victory celebration. Ryouko was already at the center of attention. If you were to call upon the people to worship her as the living goddess of humanity, what better time to do it?

Ryouko does not like this idea at all.

\*No! \*she insists. *Never! There is no way I could ever, possibly go along with such a thing. That's even worse than royalty! How exactly is this other-Ryouko supposed to be me at all?*

You find yourself briefly doubting. Wasn't the other Clarisse trying to teach Ryouko how to be a better person? Was she just a complete and total failure at communicating the most trivial precepts of egalitarianism, that Ryouko would go along with such a thing?

You construct new models to forecast this alternate Ryouko: the same deep emotional structures there, but populated with counterfactuals about what she thinks is normal, some challenges to her reality that your Ryouko would never suffer, still more your Ryouko than theirs. How can you get this model to accept that sort of a position? If you were Oriko...

You'd set it all up as a surprise, put Ryouko on the spot with the entire world watching. She'd look for a way to not disappoint everyone, a way to live up to their expectations for her, and she'd pull that little lever in her mind, shifting her self-image to match. As for the egalitarianism, Governance levels *will* make her refuse, but until then, the more of it she has, the more strongly she would want to pay off those qualms with a big dramatic promise ... and *that* would likely be why no one stopped her.

This is a clever trap, and suddenly, *righting an infinite wrong* would mean placing Ryouko's life in danger, and you realize, with a pang of deep pain like something tugging at your heart — that's an acceptable outcome.

If it came down to a choice between Ryouko and infinite suffering, *you would let Ryouko die,* rather than dirty herself with that atrocity.

… But not without a fight.

Oh, goddess.

What would the other Clarisse even do?

What are \*you \*even going to do?

Ryouko, in any event, is continuing her questions. "How long have you been here?" she demands. "And what are you doing with Oriko?"

"With Oriko?" asks Simona. "She told me what I just told you, and we got on a flight with her, to here. That's about it."

"Where did you fly from?" asks Ryouko. "Madrid?"

"Is that what they call it?" she asks. "I don't know, Ryouko, *I just got here*. Now, I would have come even sooner, but no, *nobody ever wants to use the wormholes.*" She throws up her arms in frustration. "No, we've got to sit for hours so we get a stupid stamp in a stupid book, and she won't even talk on the way! I have to keep quiet, and, um ... pray for you."

Ryouko makes a face externally. She definitely doesn't want to be prayed to, and …

*If Simona just got here, who's been staying with Oriko, and playing with Yuma?* she wants to know.

*Another one of her? *you propose.* Or… more time travel. Damn it, Simona!*

Ryouko sighs aloud.

"So why exactly is it a hell dimension, anyway, Simona?" asks Ryouko. "Not enough lemon feather cake?"

Simona looks at the floor.

Ryouko glares at her, like she's been trying not to this whole time. "Simona, *talk.*"

"In an alternate timeline," she says, "the human government prototyped an abominable technology. They can create virtual worlds, but populate them with real souls. They use this control to torture magical girls, collecting their despair as an energy source."

You'd have preferred she didn't say that aloud.

*Is there any indication that Kyuubey is around?* you ask\*.

No,\* relays Machina.

Ryouko continues. "So… exactly like the Star Empire, then?" she asks, pointedly.

"What?" Simona asks, confused. "No, the Empire uses solar —"

"The \*Star Empire \*does the exact same thing, *at a planetary scale*," says Ryouko. "They just happen to power it with solar energy."

Simona blinks.

"If that's all you've got," continues your girl, folding her arms, "then I'm seriously unimpressed. Did you seriously think I'd be happy with you for helping aliens attack Earth, in\* any\* dimension?"

"Oh," says Simona. "Oh, stars, how much of that do you remember, Ryouko? I thought since it was such a shallow world, you wouldn't…"

"I remember the Cephalopods arrived through a *remarkably* long range wormhole," observes Ryouko. "They never had the technology to open wormholes like that before, not without anchors. Was it your doing? Did you wreck the planet and let countless innocents die, as a distraction?"

"No!" she asserts. "Well, yes, I opened the wormhole, but — you have to understand, it was all in the hell dimension!"

"That's still a real place, Simona!" cries Ryouko.

"No!" she says. "It was a computer simulation!"

Ryouko stops, suddenly confused.

"Didn't it seem weirdly empty?" she asks. "Just you, and me, and a few of the souls who were dragged along because you were close to them. Clarisse gave me a new despair scenario for their computers, then I used my magic to go there. I had to use — you remember the barrier? A reality enhancement field, to overcome the programming and keep it from just shutting down. I had to use the imperial staff for that."

Oh, goddess. The world *was* weirdly empty. There should have at least been someone, *anyone,* at the Church of Hope. And what was Ryouko doing? Just having a pleasant date with Asami, on Earth? The two of them by themselves? Ryouko should have had bodyguards... no, she shouldn't even be on Earth, she should have been on a quiet research station.

"And Asami?" asks Ryouko, distressed.

"Well, I'd imagine she's still there—"

"No!!" exclaims Ryouko, grabbing Simona by the shoulders. "No, you do *not* get to just leave her in Hell, you are going to go fix that —"

Two things happen suddenly, at the same time — or perhaps, two facets of a single event. The first part of the event is a small surge of magic, running from the ribbon, to you, to Ryouko, to Simona. The second part of the event, as the magic connects them, is that Simona vanishes.

Ryouko flinches, startled.

Mami tenses, and spins around, looking for a trap or an attack. The soul gem is gone too.

"Simona?" calls Ryouko, and then, quietly, "… Asami?"

In the ensuing silence, Nanami reports in.

*Erased the tapes, everything looks normal now. We'll be back in half a — uhhhhhhh, where's Simona?*

***

\> \[Allies] Make sure we're alerted if Kirika leaves the house or something starts to go wrong elsewhere.

Reports from your kitty suggests that Kirika is getting ready to leave the house, but has not done so just yet.
(Which I was about to mention with or without this vote.)

\> \[Oriko] Let Customs keep Oriko busy while we talk to Simona.

Oriko was about to sit down for questioning, but as she did so, complained to the officer that it had been a long flight, and asked for a moment to use the ladies' room first.

***

\[]\[Oriko] Continue to monitor airport security
\[]\[Oriko] Hail Oriko telepathically
\[]\[Oriko] Timestop-raid the ladies' room
-\[] With a limited crew (details?)
-\[] With a specific ribbon configuration (details?)

\[]\[Amy] Follow Kirika
\[]\[Amy] Stay safe

\[] (write in other key interactions)
