# I don't want a feather

\> If Ryouko questions reality, reassure her that she, and her feelings, are real.

\*Ryouko?

I'm okay, Clarisse.

No you're not,\* you reply.

*Then I'll be okay,* she says,\* future tense. I just need to remember what's important. If I hold on to that, I'll find a way to be okay.\*

She's a step ahead of you, it seems.

*Okay,* you allow.

\> Suggest to Machina that Mami may be at risk with Oriko, so maybe she should stay behind. If she agrees, proceed straight to Oriko

*I want to leave Mami behind,* you tell Machina.\* If Oriko wants to screw us over, it's far too easy. She just tells Mami about witches.

I agree with your assessment,\* notes Machina, \*but she's not going to like it.

I'll try to make it quick,\* you say.

**\[X]\[Oriko] Timestop-raid the ladies' room**
-\[X] Bring the full crew, except possibly Mami

The border guard has escorted Oriko away from the immigration processing area, down a hallway to a back area, where he pauses next to the door. You can't make out exactly what they're saying here, the video isn't good enough, but he seems to be asking her to leave her purse outside, and looks through it first. She triumphantly holds up a small cylinder, wrapped in plastic, which discomforts the guard a little; she then places the purse down on the floor to the side of the door before entering. Your glimpse of the room behind the door shows a small room with a toilet and a sink, and not a whole lot of room.

As the door closes, the guard bends down to examine Oriko's purse, and in doing so, stands in front of the door, in a *very* inconvenient manner.

\*That's a very small room, \*you note. \*It will be tricky to get in through the door without disturbing the guard. If we just teleport in blind, we're likely to end up right on top of her, and it'll be a total mess. Is there a drop ceiling, perhaps? Even just to peek, so we know we're not teleporting in on top of her.

I don't like that idea,\* says Machina. *Those things are terribly fragile, and they make a powdery mess everywhere. Very detectable. I think the guard is going to move in just a second.*

The guard glances quickly either side, reaches into the purse, and casually extracts two pieces of paper, which he transfers to his pocket. He then moves to the side casually, leaving clear access to the door.

*Did he really just do that?* asks Nanami. \*Wow.

Is that money?\* asks Machina, in conference.

*It's not the local currency,* you add. \*Looks like… one hundred Euros?

Goodness,\* says Machina. \*But now I'm worried. Did she specifically arrange those bills to tempt him? Is this part of her plan?

Get in there now, \*you say. *Don't let her have any more time.*

"Okay," you say, turning to Homura, "quickly, let's go—"

In the moment before Homura engages timestop, there is a moment's flash of radio traffic from Oriko's location — and then the world turns bluish-grey around you, as time stops.

You bristle.

"Oh no she *didn't*," you say aloud.

"W-what?" asks Homura, confused.

"Oriko sent a text message," you say.

Ambushed
Communications compromised
Evacuate w Yuma
Black cats bad luck

You don't recognize the number, but it's an easy guess as Kirika.

"Ugh," says Nanami. "Well, that… could be worse, I guess…"

"Goddess," you say, "how did she sneak her cell phone in there?" You look back over the video. "Does that outfit even have pockets?"

"Uhm," says Nanami. "There's a place in that outfit with plenty of room."

"Where's — ohhh," you say.

*I don't get it,* notes Ryouko.

\*Well, Ryouko, \*you explain, \*Oriko is, ah, very well endowed…

… People actually put things there? \*asks Ryouko.

*Yes,* you tell her.

\> Restrain Oriko and take her gem

After checking the cracks around the door, you gingerly open it. Oriko is sitting on the ledge of the wash-basin, facing you, cell phone still in hand. She is untransformed, and…

"Where is her soul gem?" asks Ryouko, concerned.

The ring is missing from her finger.

You sigh. "Either in the last place we'll ever think to look, or the least convenient place possible."

Ryouko frowns.

\> Restrain Oriko and take her gem
\> If able, command the ribbon to show us Oriko's immediate plans and whether she can be reasoned with

Clutching the ribbon in your pocket, you stand in front of Oriko, close your eyes, and search for Oriko's memories. They *should* be there, you feel, but… *there* is somehow unspeakably far away, in a big and bright and vibrant world, and there's a grey-blue wall between this cold empty place and there.

You get back just the ghost of a feeling, a thrill of terror. *Run away, *it says, quite clearly.* Flee. Bargain your way to freedom. You have shiny things she wants*, it seems to suggest.\* Throw them at her.\*

You're a little confused. Is she running away from you specifically?

"How about this?" proposes Nanami. "Kyouko takes Oriko out of timestop with her spear. The pointy bit. Clarisse stands behind the door with Mami's ribbon, ready to break the connection if she tries anything. Homura and I stand on the other side of the wall, a gun pointed at her head through the wall — or if we can detect the gem, I can shoot that instead. Ryouko's on standby to get us out of here."

Ryouko nods. "I'll stand around the other side of the guard, and jump in if I need to."

It's not perfectly ideal, but it'll have to do.

***

**> Get Oriko to explain what exactly she's trying to do.**

Oriko reanimates with a pointy spear aimed at her heart.

"Okay," says Kyouko, "here's how we start. You tell us where your soul gem is, and we don't hurt you."

"You're not going to do anything to hurt me here," says Oriko. "If you do, then this little interview turns into a big investigation into why a teenage girl died in police custody at the airport, and it comes around to haunt everyone through your future mother-in-law's ballet projects, and won't that be interesting?"

*That's... actually borderline plausible,* you note.

Kyouko attempts to not-blush, and maintain a serious frown. "I'm sure we can keep a low profile," she says.

"Ha!" says Oriko. "Think that if you want."

Kyouko frowns. "What do you think you're trying to pull here, smart-ass?"

"I am *trying* to get out of this mess alive, Kyouko," she says, "and with my psyche intact. Then I can go back to saving the world. Clarisse has cost me a lot of progress. You'll have to excuse me if I don't leap at the opportunity to surrender and grovel before your princesses out there."

\> Note we support replacing witches with demons, in principle.

"Saving the world, huh." says Kyouko. "Cute. How were you gonna pull that one off, with the demons and grief cubes? Because we could get on board with that. Or did you have something else up your sleeve?"

"The demons are a start," she says. "After that, grief farming."

\> If her intent is to try to recreate the Star Empire, try to convince her of the wrongness of that path.
\>> Ask Oriko if she's okay with creating an empire built on slavery and oppression, where those who suffer outnumber those who live a million times over, and with the name Mikuni being spoken of in the same breath as Hitler, Stalin or Tojo.

"Well," says Ryouko. "That presents a major problem, then." A flame in her heart burns with the idea of protection — more specifically, of protecting you.

"Oh, yes, I know. 'An Empire built on slavery and oppression, where those who suffer outnumber the living a million times over!' Clarisse has been taking drama lessons from Simona, but it's nothing like the scale she's thinking of. Without the perpetual motion machine attached, you'll find it's *much* more compact. And our needs are modest, just enough of a boost to unify humanity without the war."

"No," declares Ryouko. "We will not organize the torture of sentients at *any* scale."

"But you support demons willingly enough," says Oriko.

"That's different," says Ryouko.

"It's a lot *less* different than you'd like," says Oriko. "And skipping the unification wars is a net reduction in total suffering, even before we account for the accelerated improvements to the human condition. And post-unification, we shut it down as redundant. The incubators are utterly uninterested, you realize. It represents a substantial downgrade."

You frown. That's distressing, if it's true.

"But it's no use now, either way, is it?" continues Oriko. "Maybe you'd like to manage things instead. You've certainly spoiled all my plans for Clarisse, and for your beautiful body."

"Which plans were those?" Ryouko asks.

"Oh, I was going to give it to Yuma," she says, almost distractedly. "With Clarisse still in it, of course. She'll be disappointed."

\> Whether she's impressed or not, explain to her that things will be happening as we decide now, and she better cooperate if she wants to do any good and/or to live

"How very clever," you say. "But things are going to happening as we decide them, now."

"Oh, I'm counting on that," says Oriko. "Let's see what you say to a bargain. I'll give Clarisse predictions of the future — predictions which none of you can afford to go without. In exchange, you will all return to Mitakihara in an orderly fashion, and leave me here, unmolested."

Kyouko frowns. "And what if we don't trust you to deliver on the goods, hmm?"

"I'll supply a down payment, free and clear," she says. "This one's specifically for Clarisse."

***

**> be Clarisse**

"You're thinking of it as penance," you say.

"Maybe," says Ryouko.

"It's not your fault," you tell Ryouko. "You can't model it that way. It is unsound. As far as you're concerned, she's a *counterfactual*. You don't need to weigh yourself down with her burdens."

"But someone needs to do something," says Ryouko. "If not me, then who?"

"Clarisse Van Rossum, to start," you say. "Shizuki Tomoyo. Azrael. That slipper girl. Chiaki."

Ryouko shakes her head. "The thing I hate about that girl, in everything you've seen, is that she doesn't take responsibility for things. Other people do, and they suffer, and they sacrifice, so that she can be happy. And that's not right, and I don't want to be like that. That's not what I want my place to be. So what if I go and do the opposite? It's more than penance, it's … being the kind of person who I'd rather be."

It's not a lie, but it is a story of hope she's telling herself, to quiet the shame, and the loss, and sadness. If only she dared hope for *more*, for anything at all…

You look into her eyes.

"Suppose you do it," you say. "Suppose you transfer to the other universe, and put an end to the suffering… can you at least head into it with the intention to *survive?*" you ask. "What if it's not the end of it? Who's going to stop it next time if they make another?"

"I don't know," she says. "Van Rossum and the others can help *after* I do my best, not before."

"You think they can do it without you?" you say.

She looks back into your eyes.

"Clarisse," she says, "I'll leave you a shard of my soul as a feather —"

"No!" you say. "I know it's important, but please, not like this, I don't want a feather, I want—"

"I'm sorry, Clarisse," she says. "I've already decided. Please don't come after me."

For a moment you are unable to respond. It just… hurts.

"You should stay here," repeats Ryouko.

"… You'd leave me with *her,*" you say.

"I'd leave you with your friends, too," she says. "With Kyouko. I don't want to take that from you, so… be happy together." She looks away from you, out the window to the dark. "And… I guess… look out for Yukari-san for me, too, okay?"

"What if I just don't give you the ribbon?" you propose, reaching to cover your pocket.

Ryouko teleports beside you. She's too fast.

"I'm sorry, Clarisse," she says —

You do your best to whirl away, but she's too fast. A panic teleport to the roof and rain —

of course, she follows you —

and it's no use; even knowing everything she's about to do, she's just faster than you. You can't hope to stop her. She sweeps your legs out from under you, and as you fall, and your arm flies wide, she reaches into your pocket with her right hand, and it's gone. Then, with her left hand, she catches you, breaking your fall, putting you down gently.

As you squirm and turn your head to look at her, you glimpse the incubator, waiting with the usual smile —

***

"And there's lots more where that came from," says Oriko. "Just a taste of how important this is for all of you."

Ryouko is trying to pin down where the magic came from.

You check the chronometer — it was only a half a second.

Your heart is still pounding, hard enough to hurt.

***

**> Decide the things**

\[ ]\[Emotion] Engage emotional suppression
\[x]\[Emotion] Remain emotional

\[ ]\[Negotiate] Agree to Oriko's terms
\[ ]\[Negotiate] Make additional demands
-\[] Demand an interpretation of the vision
-\[] Demand an oath
-\[] (write in)
\[ ]\[Negotiate] Pause Oriko and search for her soul gem
