# Clarisse is a monster

\> use a small amount of emotional suppression to remain calm
\*> \*Inform the team we are going to try and talk her down using what we know about her

\*Oriko sent me a vision, \*you say. \*I believe that it was specifically chosen to compromise me emotionally.

Are you okay, Clarisse?\* asks Ryouko.

*I'm okay,* you reply. \*I have engaged a low level of emotional suppression, and should be fine for the moment. As for Oriko, I'm not sure. She might yet lash out at us by becoming a witch. Watch for her gem while I talk to her, see if you can figure out where it is.

What are you going to do? \*asks Nanami.

*I am going to try and talk her down from this,* you say. \*It might be a little unconventional. Please rest assured that I'm fine even if things get a little emotive. Can you make sure Homura is okay?

Got it,\* replies Nanami.

\*\**> *do not agree to Oriko's demands**
\> Call Oriko out on that vision

"I'm upset now, Oriko," you begin. "You're pretending to be helpful, but that was useless. Worse than useless. You chose it *specifically* to be unhelpful, and to hurt me emotionally."

"Oh!" says Oriko. "Oh, my! Look, everyone, the Moon Princess is concerned about someone's feelings!! Oh, how touching! — Oh, but they're her own."

"Moon princess?" You frown. "I *believe* you have me confused with someone else," you say.

"I don't know, Clarisse. The ungrateful, snobbish attitude matches perfectly."

\> Attempt to get through to Oriko
\>> Discuss how hard we are working to save her
\>> Remind her of her crimes
\>> Discuss how her father's not an excuse
\>> Speak of a path to redemption

"Goddess, Oriko," you say, sharply, "I don't think you understand *just how hard* we're trying right now to save your life. Do you have any idea how many people see you as nothing but a psychopathic serial killer, who needs to be put down? Do you know how tempted we were to just blow up your house and be done with this bullshit? We went to a lot of effort to give you a chance to redeem yourself. We've seen your future too, where you're remembered as a deranged serial killer, the two-bit villain in the heroes' origin stories, and if you want to the name Mikuni to mean anything more than that, it's on you — because as shitty as your father was, he didn't murder schoolchildren."

Oriko flinches, and turns to look Kyouko in the eyes.

You take a quick breath, and continue, in a bitter tone. "*Your father* didn't sell his soul to be remembered as a mass murd—"
"CLARISSE," shrieks Kyouko. "Stop!"

You stop abruptly.

"… What?" you ask.

"For the love of Christ!" cries Kyouko. "Just \*shut the hell up, \*okay?"

She turns to Oriko, who is now quaking.

"Oriko," she pleads. "Give me your soul gem. Please. I have cubes."

Oriko blinks, slowly, before closing her eyes. In another moment, a pathetically dim light rises behind her, from the drain of the sink, and flies to materialize in Kyouko's hand into the gem-like form; it's painful to look at, somehow blacker than any real black, and as it materializes there is a sound like glass cracking —

but the cubes are already draining the corruption, the shine of the gem slowly returning.

Kyouko banishes her spear, and watches as the blackness drains away.

"Now, *you two*," says Kyouko, in a measured tone. "We're going to start with baby steps. You two will apologize to each — actually, no. Oriko, you apologize to *me,* for whatever you just did to Clarisse. Then Clarisse, you can apologize to me too, for using someone's dead family as a tool to make her hurt."

Ryouko winces.

"I'm… I'm sorry," says Oriko. "I … it was really the most important thing. I didn't mean…" She inhales deeply. "No, that's not true. I knew it would hurt, and I liked that it would hurt. But it really is the most—"

"Enough," snaps Kyouko. "Justifications later. Clarisse?"

"I'm sorry, Kyouko," you say, very quietly.

"Now," says Kyouko, "Clarisse. What would you like to know from Oriko?"

"Um," you say. "I'd like you to—"

"No, don't ask her, tell me," she says.

Well then. For Kyouko, if for nothing else…

"Kyouko," you say, "I should like to know, in detail, why Oriko has pursued the course she has chosen, inducing magical girls to kill each other, and harming other innocent bystanders. I should then like to know about her plans to get rid of all witches."

"Thank you, darling," says Kyouko, evenly. "Oriko, what would you like me to tell Clarisse?"

"First," says Oriko, "Mami Tomoe. I would have preferred to have her fighting for me, not against me. But she doesn't like my style, and her psyche is frightfully fragile, such that I literally cannot tell her the facts that she needs to know for us to work together. In the scenarios where I tried, she would go on a killing spree from Mitikihara to Tokyo, starting with me."

"Go on," says Kyouko, frowning.

"Second," she continues, "I have no loyalty to Simona's Star Governance, and no interest in a pair of meddling princesses bent on subjugating this world binding me to their will with magical oaths. Third, I sought to seize Ryouko's cache of grief cubes before Kyuubey discovered them, in order to make the world a better place for magical girls, and Clarisse's technology, so that I could stand a chance against Kyuubey when he turned the world against me."

"Fourth, besides my plan to exploit Clarisse's technology, I wanted her to help take care of Yuma. She could use a positive and caring influence, and my ability to provide that is limited. She would have been happy there, and rewriting her prime directive with magic would also destroy her potential. It seemed far more merciful than any of the other alternatives." She takes a breath. "Which brings me to the most important part. I cannot, under any circumstances, allow Clarisse to become a magical girl. She is far too powerful; Kyuubey is interested in her already, and he doesn't even know the true size of her potential. And of course, that means…" She pauses. "I'm not sure it's safe to say in mixed company, so I'll just say that Walpurgisnacht is the least of our troubles."

"Oh, fucking hell," says Nanami aloud. "You not saying Clarisse can out-witch the mega-witch, are you?"

You swallow. How close were you to making a contract the last two times?

"OF COURSE that's what I'm saying," says Oriko. "Are you *blind* to this girl's potential?"

"Um," says Nanami. "I thought it was just Ryouko's magic."

"… okay, fine," says Oriko. "But you see what I mean *now*, right? She's so powerful that you mistake raw potential for the magic of a soul gem. She channels magical powers from her friends, and from outside this timeline. Clarisse is a *monster.*" She stops to breathe. "Which is why there's no plan to destroy witches. I'm sure I had one, in the future, but right now, I can't tell you. I don't really have any idea what the police are going to find, either. Because at this rate, the future only lasts *a few more weeks*."

"Sweet mother of Christ preserve us," says Kyouko. "O-*kay* then. It sounds like, in principle, we have something that everyone here would be willing work together to help avoid. Do you think it is possible, Oriko, that we could work together to *try* to find a solution that *doesn't involve murdering anyone*?"

Oriko scowls.

"The end of human existence, and you want to make it harder than it already is," she says.

"*Oriko*," snarls Kyouko.

She closes her eyes, and sighs.

"In principle," says Oriko. "But no oaths to those two."

"Do you mind if I hold onto this, then?" she asks.

Oriko stares at her for a good half-minute, dissatisfied.

"Fine," she says. "As long as you keep it away from Clarisse."

Kyouko nods, and concentrates. Oriko's gem slowly re-forms around the finger of her right hand.

"Kyouko," you ask. "If we are working together towards a solution, would Oriko happen to have any useful ideas about preventing what she showed me?"

Oriko frowns. "I'm not sure how much I should say with Ryouko present, Clarisse."

"What?" asks Ryouko, confused. "What does it have to do with me?"

"... *Kissing practice*," says Oriko.

Ryouko makes a face. *Wait. Who's kissing whom?* she wants to know, worrying that it's someone trying to kiss her.

"Oh," you say aloud—

— and now you surely know exactly where Simona must have gone, because you've seen the Polaroids from *kissing practice* in Papa's cabinet. *Take care of Yukari-san for me,* future Ryouko had asked. But then … surely Simona's not that stupid that she'd come back with the wrong girl… is she?

Well, no, dear, she's not, in fact, that stupid. But imagine, if you will, just what might have happened to her when Yukari-san returned from that visit to the future, and Simona realizes her mistake? She only asked for *one* last chance, after all, a limited-purpose, one-time grant of power\*. \*She would be terrified to ask for another. Oh, she'd do her best save Yukari-san, because that's *something,* but as for herself, well… if she were lost to despair, Ryouko would have \*another \*reason to be sad.

Also. It's been rather emotional.
**> if you don't get out of here, it's likely to get weird soon**

\[]\[Ryouko] Explain to her in detail about what she did in the vision
\[]\[Ryouko] Speak with her about her purpose and goals in life
\[]\[Ryouko] Reassure her that Asami will be found

\[]\[Kyouko] (write in some words about what you'd like to tell her)

\[x]\[Logistics] (write in a title for your plan of action)
-\[x] End timestop in an orderly manner
-\[x] Help Oriko through the border
-\[x] Escort Oriko to Mitakihara
-\[] (write in place to meet in Mitakihara)
-\[] Send some of the crew on ahead
-\[] (write in other things)

You should consider Oriko's gem secure, as it is being held by a magical girl who is unlikely to channel any teleportation powers.

\[x]\[Precautions] Take precautions
-\[x] Take Oriko's phone
-\[x] Warn Amy to evacuate
-\[] (write in)

\[]\[Future] (write in questions to ask Oriko)
Be prepared to pay in cubes.

\[]\[Simona] Resolve to save Simona in the past somehow.
\[]\[Simona] Save Ryouko another way
\[]\[Simona] Try to learn more and decide later
-\[] (what do you want to know)
