# am I just a ghost

\> Let Oriko know we are not from the future of the Star Empress

"I'm not quite sure how much you've gathered from Simona," you tell Oriko, "but you seem to be under a misapprehension. We're not from her future, and we're not loyal to the Star Empress."

Oriko frowns.

"I've seen you admit otherwise, *Moon Princess*," says Oriko.

"That's… complicated," you say.

"And yet somehow integral to certain magical schemes," she remarks.

You process this for half a moment.

"I may have had occasion to steal the title," you admit.

Oriko tilts her head. "Now that *is* interesting," she remarks.

**> End timestop in an orderly manner
\> Help Oriko through the border**

"… We'll talk about it later," you say. "Mitakihara. Come to the train station once you're through the border."

***

\> \[Precautions] Take precautions
\>> Always strictly outnumber Oriko + Kirika + Simona
\>> Stay alert for weird things or foul play.
\>> Warn Amy to evacuate. Unless Kirika stays put.

Kyouko waits outside in Arrivals, but she wants to be alone. You are … slightly less than thrilled with this, tactically, but as long as Oriko is on the other side of multiple cinder-block walls and the rest of you are an easy teleport distance away, you'll let it slide, particularly as she is insistent and you just put her through a lot.

Your kitty evacuates to a secure hiding place in a nearby storm drain, in time to see Kirika zoom off into the night on a dinky little moped, Yuma holding onto her back.

***

Mami looks at the group in surprise.

"What happened?" she asks, looking at you. "You don't look well. Where's Oriko? And Kyouko?"

"There were *words exchanged*," says Nanami.

"It was… emotionally intense," you say.

"You look awfully wiped out for just words," observes Mami, skeptical.

"She said something that made Kyouko mad at her, okay?" says Nanami. "Leave the poor girl be."

You take a deep breath.

"Kyouko has Oriko's soul gem," you explain to Mami and Machina. "Oriko's is cooperating for now. I'm still not sure whether we'll ever be able to trust her, though."

"Of course we can't trust her," says Mami. "She's a bad person, through and through."

"I don't think it's as easy as that," says Ryouko, distractedly.

Mami frowns.

"Are you crazy?" she asks.

"Hey," says Nanami. "Listen. I get where you're coming from. I wouldn't trust her either, but from what I heard in there, she's at least got the start of an explanation."

"Have I gone mad?" asks Mami. "Did her silver tongue convince everyone to change sides, and I missed the memo?"

\> Give a quick recap of other Orikos to the team.

"Mami," you say. "I've seen what Oriko is capable of in two different timelines. In one of them, she supervised the construction of a ruthless, authoritarian empire, built on the suffering of innocents, bent on the conquest of eternity itself. In the other, she killed and she tortured, but she at least helped deliver the world to a stable democracy which vigorously pursues the ideals of justice and equity. She's also rescued a little girl from exploitation and torture, and cares about her well being. She's complicated. But you know what? That doesn't really matter right now. What matters is that she's incredibly dangerous, she has information we want, and we need to be vigilant. We can all agree on that for now. Is that okay?"

"… I suppose," says Mami, dissatisfied.

"And if she tries anything," you add, "your ribbons are our best chance of shutting her down without making a scene."

She nods, and looks happier at that.

"As for myself," you say, "I am going to take a little while to recover."

Turning off the emotional suppression leaves you queasy.

***

Oriko's interview is conducted in a small office-like room. The interviewer has some paper, and writes down each question before he asks it. He also writes down Oriko's response, although not as a word for word transcript. You've never quite seen something like it before. It does seem rather wastefully time consuming; you're confident that they have enough technology to make this better. But perhaps the deficiency is intentional? It does seem a little unfair to the detainee not to have her exact words recorded, and you suspect it may be intentional. The frustration might also be intentional, just to make them want to get out of there. That said, the questions have all been fairly anodyne.

It's a bit of a waiting game.

\> Explain the vision to Ryouko
\>> why she might do what she did
\>> why we don't like it
\>> how we might avoid it.

You consult Ryouko, and also your models, though it feels a little funny running them backwards like this, trying to find the set of emotional manipulations which would produce a given, \*bad \*result. They're not *quite* satisfactory.

*It seems like something that matters,* Ryouko tells you, leaning against a tree in the staging area.

This is only part of the story.

*Tell me more about why you want that,* you ask her.

*I don't know,* she replies,\* isn't doing something that matters normally a thing people want?

Yes,\* you say. *But why is it important to you?*

Ryouko regrets wanting to know what happened. It's not that she doesn't want to talk about it; she'd be happy to talk about it with you. It's not even that it's depressing. She just doesn't want to have to *think* about it, because it makes her feel something about herself that you don't quite understand yet.

*You know, in the general case,* you tell her,\* it really isn't my job to take every emotional challenge and force you to confront them head on. If we were still back home, you'd have lots of time to grow into your life and your relationships, and even make your own mistakes, because that's part of growing up as a human girl, and that's how you learn to self-regulate. But something like this isn't just a life-altering decision, it's possibly a life-ending one. I don't want you going into it on autopilot.

Okay, okay,\* Ryouko pouts. \*Where do I even start, though?

You're dealing with several obvious stressors,\* you note. *The first is that you're concerned about Asami, and I'm worried because you mentioned Yukari-san in the vision. The second is, well, all of that about Simona's simulation hell.*

Ryouko contemplates the latter.

*Okay, so what about that?* she asks.\* What does that make me then? Am I just a ghost of the real Ryouko? And what happens when I arrive back to Governance, and there's another one of me there? \*she asks.

*I'm not sure what would happen,* you reply. \*But I am confident that things would work out somehow. It's probably not even an unprecedented situation. They deal with a lot of wishes.

Work something out? Like what? \*She pictures the military just sort of keeping her in a closet as a backup unit in case something happens to the other Ryouko.

*No way something like that happens,* you point out. \*There are hundreds of different groups doing their utmost to get you to work for them. Many of them are extraordinarily worthwhile. There is plenty of room for you in Governance; they could find room for dozens of you, easily. That's hardly going to be a difficulty.

What about my friends and family, then?

Yes, that might be very awkward, \*you admit.

\*Suppose I don't get another Asami. Would she have to pick one of us? Would we end up sharing? Or is it worse for her if there are two of her too? It's just way too weird to think about! \*she complains. She rather wants to postpone dealing with these thoughts, because on some level she realizes that if there were two Ryoukos, then Asami would probably choose the other, because they would be better connected. And she would try very hard not to blame her for it. And just contemplating it, there is a little pang of pain in her heart.

You can only imagine what would happen if there were a girl who looked like Asami, but wasn't the same girl, and thought of her like a stranger.

A thought occurs to her.

*Hey, Clarisse?* she asks. \*Is that what it's like for Simona?

… Maybe\*, you allow.

*That's… very sad,* she opines, and wonders if her friend is okay.

**> Resolve to save Simona in the past somehow.**

*It is sad,* you agree. *It's also quite lovely that the first thing you jumped onto is your care for Asami,* you note\*. She would be flattered. You know that your feelings are real, and that's a very good start. Hold on to that. We ****will**** make sure that Asami is safe, and not trapped in a hell simulation. My guess is that we'll need Simona for that, so we'll… save her in the past, or something, and then she'll help your girl. \*You're still not *entirely* sure how to do that, but you do have a few ideas.

Ryouko seems heartened by this, and returns to building out her model of hope where she finds Asami and everything will magically be better.

This is… not ideal.

*At the same time,* you continue,\* you mustn't make Asami alone the foundation of your identity, and I'm afraid you're doing that a little. She can't be the only thing you have to hold on to. If you want to save her, and it ends up being hard, that might not be enough by itself. Even if it is, it's not healthy for your relationship with her, and it'd be unfair to her.

You want her as your girlfriend, \*you point out, *not as your obsession. Go beyond just that. Ask yourself, who is this person that Asami cares about? If you spend the rest of your life with her, what sort of person would you want her to be helping you become? What kind of person do you want to be, when you think of her?*

Ryouko still doesn't like thinking about it, but, it does seem more important when you put it that way, so she actually does think about it.

She made a wish to try and find an answer… but it occurs to her that the world where hundreds of people want her for something isn't an answer she's looking for. They're just people who *expect* things of her, and that's not what she wants; it might just be closer to the *opposite*.

But she feels bad, because she doesn't just want to have her own way all the time with no regards to others, either.

\*It's a matter of balance, *you say*. It's not as if deciding things for yourself means you must abandon your duty and never do anything for anyone ever again. You can lead a life of service, to build a better world for those around you; many great people do.

And if it's what you really want, you can even use your life as sacrifice. If that's really, truly who Ryouko is, and that is what will make her the best Ryouko in the universe, then trust me: I will be at your side supporting you until I no longer can. Even if it means that you leave me forever, and leave me with Ryouko, Royal Brat edition. I could support even that, but… as an act of bravery, not of desperation. \*You shudder.

*Okay,* says Ryouko. *I'll keep thinking about it.*

***

The sun has risen. Mami-chan and Homura are resting against a particularly comfortable tree, still well in the shade, while Nanami sits on a stump. Around you, you can hear the sound of sprinklers watering the course. Ryouko's been thinking about everything, and you've been thinking about her.

You still don't quite understand quite what it is that bothers your girl when she tries to think too hard about herself, and this is a little troubling. The state of Ryouko's psyche is something you spend a lot of time worried about, and it's not entirely satisfactory. She's a fairly stable girl, but, well, if everything were perfectly all right with her, it's unlikely she would have made her wish to begin with. Unfortunately, you're having a very hard time understanding it, even as it happens. You worry, slightly, that it might not be a question of her brain function, but somehow rooted in her soul, which would make it a lot harder to make things better and fix it, if you had to.

In any event, her sense of restless dissatisfaction has been re-animated, and exacerbated by the waiting and the archaic procedures.

\*Who is Ryouko? \*she asks herself, folding her arms. *What do I want? Hey, Clarisse, *y*ou know what I really want?* she thinks to you. *I want to go out and kill things. A real fight, though, not the timestop cake-walk. Demons, witches, squid, I don't care.*

She does, fortunately, omit magical girls from the list of candidate enemies.

*Well,* you admit, *perhaps it's not the best idea to rely on timestop too much, especially if we get a bigger group. We can't expect Homura to carry every fight.*

Ryouko sighs aloud.

"Hey," says Nanami. "You doing okay?"

"This is frustrating," she says.

"Yeah, I feel ya," says Nanami, and takes the occasion to light a cigarette.

Ryouko squirms.

"… Hey Nanami," she says. "Can I ask you a favor?"

"Yeah?" she asks.

"Can I have one?" asks Ryouko. "For real this time." She gives you a look.

Nanami raises an eyebrow.

You have concerns as well.

*I'm making my own mistakes, Clarisse,* Ryouko informs you. *It's part of growing up.*

***

Ryouko is soon contemplating a butane lighter, very confused about how it works.

***

Nanami is laughing her butt off.

"Wow, Ryouko," she says. "I mean, I sure as hell wasn't all cool the first time I smoked, but *damn,* girl."

Ryouko is *still* coughing.

Mami-chan looks over. "Is everything all right?" she asks.

"Don't"— \*cough \*— "don't laugh, Clarisse," says Ryouko.

"Actually, I'm… weirdly proud of you right now," you say.

"Wait, really?" she asks, a little confused. Then she starts coughing again.

You giggle at Ryouko. "It serves you right all the same."

"Here," says Nanami, "let me take that for you, if you won't be—"

Ryouko waves her off, and takes *another* absurdly long drag.

This time the coughing is so bad she falls over.

***

**> Escort Oriko to Mitakihara**

Nanami has a plan.

"There's an express train to Mitakihara," she says. "But that's going to be what all the fancy business guys are going to be taking, and we'll have more attention than we want. Instead, we take first class on the local train."

She sends you a train diagram. Instead of having a dedicated first-class cabin, one end of the car is separated into its own little first-class compartment, with larger seats that have work tables in between them, so that taking first class can be a little more private.

"We board first," she explains, "so we can camp out and claim a whole compartment to ourselves, especially since we've missed the morning rush."

***

\> Thank Kyouko for stopping us when we went too far and nearly killed Oriko.
\>> We didn't want to push Oriko that close to the edge and didn't think how it would impact Kyouko

*Kyouko?* you ask tentatively, as the train pulls out of the station.

*Yeah, whaddaya want?* she replies — not too *sharply*, but, a little annoyed.

\*I wanted to thank you for stopping me back there. I went too far. I didn't want to push Oriko that close to the edge, and I certainly didn't think about how it would impact you.

Mmph,\* replies Kyouko, distractedly, and drums her fingers on the armrest.

You ride along in quiet, watching the scenery go by and keeping an eye on Oriko, who hasn't said a word to anyone the entire way.

***

As you reach the outskirts of Mitakihara, Kyouko gets up from her seat and plops herself next to you.

"It doesn't feel right when I do it in my head," she explains.

"Huh?" you ask.

"We need to talk," says Kyouko.

You are suddenly concerned.

"I mean, talk, with mouths and words," she says.

"Oh," you say, looking around the compartment. It's just the magical girls, and the one camera that can see you doesn't have sound. But even so…

"Right now?" you ask. "With everyone—"

"Don't care," says Kyouko. "They heard the other part anyway. "

"Oh," you begin, unsure, but Kyouko interrupts.

"Clarisse, I know that when you said those things to me, you weren't thinking about my dad at all. And honestly… it's almost better that you weren't. But it still hurt. A lot. So I wanted to tell you a story."

You nod.

"Okay," you say.

"I never had nice things growing up," explains Kyouko. "Even before things started to get really bad, we didn't have much. So the things that we did have, we appreciated. One of the things I did have was this old cassette player, and it had these really cheesy stars and hearts on it. It must have been new, like, in the eighties or something. But I loved it. I used to listen to it all the time, but I'd have to share it with Momo, and she'd always want to play Sunday school songs. So one day, I finally got a CD player, and my first CD, and then Momo and I got in a fight. She said that I shouldn't be listening to the songs I was listening to, that Mom didn't said they weren't a good influence. So she took the CD player, and she threw it out the window. It broke, and the CD was ruined. And I just stood there for a moment, because I couldn't believe it, and then she threw the tape player after it."

"So I turned and just stared at her, and she was frightened, and she ran away down the hall, and I ran off after her, and when I cornered her she started screaming, and I started hurting her, and then my dad showed up. And he made us tell him what happened, and…"

She pauses, and wipes a tear from her eye.

"He told me that if there were one lesson he could teach me in my life, the most important thing was to forgive the people who hurt us. Not even just for their sake, but also, for our own sake. He said that if we couldn't, if we just nurtured hurt and resentment, it would destroy everything good about us. That without forgiveness, there was no hope for humanity. That forgiveness is our only hope, our only path to peace. That forgiveness was the thing that made us special as a species, defined us all the children of God. And he said that we should make radical forgiveness our mission. To turn the other cheek, not just as an empty cliché, but the literal thing, as the central part of our lives, forgiving oppressors even as they harmed us. And finally, that the more that you hurt, the more important it was to forgive."

"So I tried very, very hard, but I couldn't find it in my heart to forgive her. And it turns out… I wasn't a good enough person to do it. We had all those happy memories together, and I cared about her so much, and it was so stupid, but I just couldn't think about anything else but what she'd done. And it hurt, not being able to forgive her, because I knew that it would disappoint my dad." She sighs. "So in the end, I did it for my father."

She turns and looks you in the eyes.

"That's the way I want people to remember my father, Clarisse. As a good man. The rest, well, you can lay it on me. And that's also why I forgive you, too, for hurting me."

"… Thank you," you say, quietly, a little taken aback.

The train cruises on for a few more moments.

"Clarisse," says Oriko.

"Yes?"

"I know it's … a bit much to ask," she says, then hesitates.

"I beg pardon?" you ask, confused.

"I've hurt you, Clarisse," says Oriko. "I've hurt... several people. Sometimes by accident, often intentionally. I've always had reasons to do it, but, I enjoyed it more than I should have, because I was frustrated, and angry, and it felt good." She sighs. "It shouldn't have to be this way. It should have been different between all of us… we should have been friends together, enjoyed Tomoe-san's hospitality, and the cake, and the tea…"

"I forgive you, Oriko," says Mami, suddenly.

Kyouko whirls her head around to look at Mami. She seems a little… alarmed.

*Clarisse,* asks Ryouko.\* Um... do you think I should forgive her, too?\*

***

\*\*> Consider \*\***these words on the value of forgiveness**

\[]\[Forgiveness] Forgive Oriko for what she did to you
\[]\[Forgiveness] Forgive someone else (write in)
\[]\[Forgiveness] ???

\[ ]\[Travel] Proceed to Oriko's house as planned before
-\[ ] Ask Oriko \[Questions]
-\[ ] Ask the gang what they think of Oriko after all this
-\[ ] Decide as a group if we should return her gem
-\[ ] Discuss how we intend to go forward and deal with QB

\[ ]\[Questions] Ask Oriko questions
-\[ ] Details of everything she's been up to and who's been working with her
-\[ ] Is Kirika going to be causing trouble? If so, can you recall her somehow?
-\[ ] Does she know of anyone else who is not from this time?
-\[ ] What are the "other ribbons" Yuma mentioned?
