# tell her how much I adore the litanies

\> ask Machina if this was her doing

*What?* asks Machina. \*What do you take me for?

It seems a little bit out of character\*, you note. \*And it's not the first surprise from Mami which is like that.

Well, I never, \*replies Machina. \*This is entirely different, ****because**** it's entirely out of character. Yes, it defies every model — but then, people are ever so full of surprises, aren't they? I'm actually quite pleased.

Do have any concept of why she's doing this?\* you ask her.

\*Well, it was a moving speech, \*she says. \*I'm moved myself.

You're not at all suspicious of, say, mind control effects?\* you ask.

*Oh dear,* she says. \*Should I be? It seems quite implausible, but then, that's not exactly inconsistent. What would be the cause?

Kyouko's wish,\* you state, plainly.

*Oh dear,* she says.\* That is… all too obvious. I should have thought of it…\*

There is a pause.

*Forgive me, Clarisse,* continues Machina, *please forgive me, but I appear to be experiencing a malfunction.*

Well, that's alarming.

\> Privately talk to Kyouko about the effect she just had on people.

*Kyouko,* you begin—

\*I didn't mean to! \*she replies. \*I just… wanted to let people know another side of things, and…

Can you stop the magic?\* you ask.

*I'm not doing any magic!* she replies.

\*Even so!

I'm already trying!\* she says.\* Oh, God…\*

\> Offer Kyouko the chance to speak first and apologize.

\*Okay, \*you acknowledge. \*Calm down. We should let the others know what you've done, and we can figure it out. Did you want to apologize?

I'm … yes? I'm not sure where to start,\* says Kyouko.

*Would you like me to start for you?* you ask.

She nods at you.

*Okay,* you say.

You turn to the rest of the group.

**> Extend forgiveness to Oriko, for everything**

"Oriko, I f—"

**> ^C^C^C^C^C**

You cover your mouth with both hands. What are you doing?

**> Explain what is happening to people**
Operation not available

\>
\>
\>
\>
\> ...
\> Ask the ribbon for advice

I'll do what I can.

Let us step outside of your time for a zero-length interval, and look at the four-dimensional shape of spacetime growing in these higher-dimensional manifolds. See the interlocking lattices of the rules, an infinity of limitations. They are alive, both the universe and its rules, like a tree and its bark are both alive.

It's rather beautiful, isn't it? And a little sad. The weight of the incubators' chains is heavy.

But this is all far too high level. Focus on your local region of spacetime. It is constrained by a manifestation of Kyouko's will — we could call it a familiar, if we care to — the pattern of her wish, her essence projecting hope on the universe. One thing that it doesn't do is to put any thoughts in peoples' minds. At some level, Oriko and Mami really do wish reconciliation, perhaps more so than the others. They have, perhaps, been affected more by the conflict.

But they really did wish other things, too, some good things and some ill. These other thoughts have been quieted, any conflicting priorities inverted in a transient, probabilistic brain malfunction, usurping their minds, allowing them to taste the joy of forgiveness unhindered by either pride or a basic sense of self-preservation.

It's not the worst form of thought control altogether, but you are right to find it loathsome.

What the wish wants, though, is not forgiveness or control for their own sake, but for the case for forgiveness to be considered in earnest, and the consideration acted upon. You can do better, but for Oriko and Mami, the damage is done. When the effect wears off, they will be acutely aware of it, and the backlash may be substantial.

So.

Do you recall what Oriko said about your title?

And would you put an end to this?

The power to do so lies within you.

***

**~~> Extend forgiveness to Oriko, for everything~~**
**> Do better than this shallow forgiveness**

You take a deep breath, and close your eyes.

"Oriko," you say, "right now I *want* to forgive you, a lot, because this moment here is showing us something beautiful. We have a glimpse of the world where we can forgive each other."

A single tear runs down your face.

"But I also think that if we *do* forgive each other, we should really mean it. And right now… well, it's not that time. Kyouko will explain."

You open your eyes, and look at the girl.

"And then," you tell Kyouko, "I'll forgive you, too."

Kyouko looks back at you with some measure of wonder.

(Maybe it's the glowing golden eyes.)

"Clarisse?" asks Ryouko.

"It's okay," you say, "there's a way to fix things."

You summon the Imperial Star Staff.

***

When you wake up, about an hour later, someone is holding your hand.

You're in a bed — wait, you recognize this place.

This is Simona's room.

You sit straight up.

\*Who thought the dimensional paradox was a good place for a light nap? \*you send, complaining.

\*Uh, Clarisse is awake, \*adds Kyouko.

\*Good! Now get her downstairs before I go crazy dealing with Oriko, \*sends Nanami.

*It's my fault, Clarisse,* sends Ryouko. \*We needed to get you off the train, and we were going here, and we didn't want to bring Oriko home, and this is the only bed that I knew where it was, and could teleport you to directly. I was worried. You're a little further gone than just a "light nap."

Okay, okay,\* you reply. *As long as everyone is still in the right universe when we're done here...*

"Uhm," says Kyouko. "Speaking of which, are you okay?"

"I think so," you say, sitting up. "Just… drained. What happened?"

"Everything went light purple for a moment, and then you passed out. Oriko was ranting about how insane it was for you to be doing magic without a contract or soul gem." She sends a picture of you, radiating light, eyes glowing golden. You're in a white-and-lilac outfit with a very wide tulle skirt and a little tiara on your head.

"Oh," you say.

You should ask about that, actually. It looks a little familiar for some reason.

***

*It reminds me of Sleeping Beauty, *Hitomi sends, as you head towards the stairs.* The lilac fairy. Not sure if it's a specific one, though.*

Kyouko is confused. \*There's a lilac fairy? I only remember red, green and blue.

There are seven fairies,\* says Hitomi. \*Lilac fairy, joy fairy… um, wisdom, technically…. I forget the rest. Also, about twelve attendants. You can ask Mother if you really want to know more, but, well... she's certain to have critical opinions.

If it comes to such things,\* you note, \*I might have preferred Wisdom.

Oh,\* says Hitomi. \*No, I don't think you would. She's the villain. The lilac fairy is the one who saves the day, actually.

Oriko says Clarisse is terrible at magic,\* relays Nanami, \*and that if she's not careful, she's going to overexert herself and die.

I didn't know she cared,\* you reply.

You stop at the top of the stairs, and look down.

"Clarisse?" asks Kyouko. "You okay?"

You're actually a little light-headed, and you feel a bit dizzy.

"I wouldn't mind a little help," you say.

"Here," says Kyouko, taking your hand.

***

**> Ask Oriko questions**
\>> Get details of everything Oriko's been up to, who's been working with her, her plans, Simona(s)
\>> Does she know of anyone else who is not from this time?
\>> Did she, or Simona, send a Letter to Ryouko in this current universe?

As you navigate the stairs, Machina forwards you a report on questioning Oriko so far.

> Article:
>
> Oriko says she met Simona moments after she contracted. Their common agenda: the long term preservation of humanity, and alternative energy research. Simona made it clear that she was from a doomed future, and brought news of the future arrival of other refugees: the princess Ryouko (or the living goddess, depending), her attendant Clarisse, and the enigmatic Asami. Oriko played along, but distrusted Simona. It was clear that Simona was loyal to her princess, and Oriko forecast a variety of occasions when she was subjugated to the Princess's will. She determined that she could intercept Simona at her first entry to the timeline — in Oriko's future but Simona's past — and trick her into accepting an impostor, Chitose Yuma, posing as Ryouko, before departing on a mission into the past.
>
> This duplicate Simona, escorted by Miroko Mikuru and Hinata Aina, is on a mission which aims to establish grief cubes in a variety of locations around the world, and then consolidate an alternative base of power by infiltrating narcotics trafficking operations in South America. This group will go on to form the nucleus of a ***"Freedom Alliance,"*** promising magical girls liberation from witches. It would serve as a foil for her own Mitakihara-based conspiracy.
>
> After a series of carefully managed wars, Simona would ultimately surrender to Oriko's puppet princess, and the FA would surrender to the alternative government. From this position of trust, the conspiracy would then be able to take control of humanity's computer networks at the highest levels, offering them a powerful way to steer humanity's destiny from the shadows, preserving it from threats as it spread throughout the galaxy.
>
> Oriko's personal research objectives included grief farming, as an interim measure towards ending witches and as a hedge against Kyuubey, as well as the development of medical nanotech implants for the purpose of mind control, which she promises would be "limited" and "occasional."

You evaluate this report with growing concern.

*Do you trust her?* you ask.

*I'd prefer not to, but it hits dangerously close to home, *says Machina*. Even in our home timeline, there was evidence that Oriko planned to create Governance, though Mami never really wanted to hear it. If this is the same scheme, and the computing infrastructure is compromised by design, well… there's a second TCF for a reason, isn't there?*

You reply at a carefully measured bitrate.

*If Oriko was going to use the technology in Ryouko's body to infiltrate humanity's computing frameworks, I can only assume that Chitose Yuma would be intimately involved. You would be better positioned than most to speculate on whether this might hold true in Governance, as well.*

You reach the bottom of the stairs before Machina replies.

\*Chitose Yuma has been extremely helpful at tracking down possible faults in the TCF. She's a reason that you and I are part of the second one. I firmly believe that she is in earnest, and honest about this. But if she ****were**** an infiltrator in Governance's systems, she would be fully capable of locking that part of her memory away from everyone — even from herself, most of the time. A double agent for herself, and she wouldn't know it.

Machina,\* you note,\* this from you is far less comforting than I hoped it would be.\*

You reach downstairs.

Oriko is standing with her back to the door, and glances at you over her shoulder as you enter the room.

"Shizuki Clarisse," she says. "While *utterly deranged*, I must admit that your outburst wasn't as tyrannical as I was afraid of. I suppose that you have my gratitude."

You sigh, internally.

\> Ask everyone how they are feeling after being wish-dazzled
\> Apologize for our role in causing it.

"I suppose that means that you're feeling yourself again, Oriko?" you ask, putting aside the opportunity for snarkiness. "Is, um, everyone else okay?"

"We're all fine, Clarisse," says Mami-chan, evenly. She has an eye carefully trained on Oriko.

Homura, in the corner, nods in agreement.

"I explained, and apologized," says Kyouko, quietly.

"Well then," you say, "I'm sorry for my role in causing all that, as well."

"And now that you're awake again," remarks Oriko, sourly, "I suppose that the torture and interrogation shall begin in earnest."

You sigh, and turn to look at the girl.

"Mikuni Oriko," you say. "Earlier you asked me if I might forgive you. It was under the influence of magic, yes, so doesn't really need to count unless we want it to... but it was still a part of you, right? Do you still want that, at all?"

Oriko raises her eyebrows, a bit surprised, and looks away awkwardly.

"If you do," you ask her, "can we both agree that — even if we're a long way from that — that if we could somehow find our way back to that place again, it would be nice?"

"… Yes, Clarisse," she admits, reluctantly, "that would be … nice."

"So I do have questions," you admit. "Can we make them *not* an interrogation?"

She takes a breath.

"… Fine, why not," she says.

You nod, and sit down in a chair near Oriko.

"In a note which you wrote but never delivered," you begin, "you spoke of having other ribbons. What are these?"

"What are those?" asks Oriko. "Rayon. A bluff, really."

You nod.

"Are there any other time travelers, universe-hoppers, or like anomalies that you're aware of?"

"Ryouko's girlfriend," says Oriko. "Sent here from the past."

You frown. "The past?"

"I'm not sure. I haven't invested much in understanding her. The past is *involved*, somehow."

"Is she here now?" you ask.

"No," she says. "She would typically arrive after Ryouko had gotten comfortable at school. Avoiding or delaying that was a fringe benefit to some of my other interventions."

"By this you mean, in your visions of the future that you had in the past?" you clarify.

She nods. "Yes."

"I see," you acknowledge, and continue. "While abroad, have you or Simona had occasion write a letter to Ryouko, mailing it to her from the United States?"

Oriko frowns. "No. Simona should be in South America right now."

"Can you reach her there?" you ask.

"Not easily," says Oriko. "Her being incommunicado, at least until the counterpart from her past was long gone, was part of the plan. She's going to be infiltrating criminal organizations, and I don't need that attention."

"Is Kirika going to be trouble?" you ask.

"I haven't the slightest idea," says Oriko.

"We found the moped down the street," adds Nanami. "Seems there was water in the gas tank. We were looking for her just before you woke up, but she's given us the slip."

You nod. Hopefully that is a good thing?

"If no one has gotten to it," you offer, "I can tell you about our catalogue of timelines."

\> **bring Oriko up to speed on currently known universes**

"There is Simona's home timeline, with the Star Empire. Our home timeline, Governance, which may be similar to what you described in your goals. There is a simulated Governance timeline, or as Simona called it, a hell dimension, which may or may not be a proper subset. We have limited power to switch people among those using the ribbon, which we don't fully understand."

Oriko considers.

"The ribbon is a catalyst for Princess Ryouko's powers," she says. "It is likely a catalyst for other soul magic as well, such as the ones you describe."

You nod.

"We expected Simona to have access to additional time and dimension powers, but the matter is complicated. There is more than one instance of Simona who has come through this timeline," you say.

Oriko's face falls.

"… *another* one?" she asks.

You do your best to be professional and limit the *schadenfreude*.

"Shizuki Simona, who just arrived, has wormhole powers, and disappeared shortly after we met her. There is a Simona in 1980s, tentatively identified as the same person, but slightly afterwards in her history, with some time powers including her barrier. There's the Simona who you were working with, who, based on her behavior, might be an even later version of the same person, but who has gained more time powers. And finally, Simona del Mago, who has a Governance past, who has claimed, in writing, that she's been stripped of her time magic, and is now attending a girls only academy in the United States."

Oriko throws up her arms.

"Of course there are two," she says, standing up and gesticulating wildly. "Do you even know how hard it was to get rid of the first one, Clarisse?" She slumps against a wall, wincing.

Mami keeps an eye on her, but seems a little pleased with this.

"Well, Oriko," you say, bemused, "there's something else we have in common, I suppose."

Oriko frowns, then glares.

"You sent her to me, didn't you?" she asks.

"I can't say I've done anything of the sort," you reply.

"You *will* send her," says Oriko. "*That's* the reason all my plans for you were always going sideways. She's your double agent." She laughs. "I tried so hard to quarantine her, to keep knowledge of the future from leaking into the past, but you've got a back door for it in America. Oh, very clever," she says, and claps her hands.

"That's ... a little much," you say. "We'd *tentatively resolved* to help her in the past, that's all."

"Oh, I can hardly wait," says Oriko. "Be sure to tell her how much I *adore* the litanies, if only so I don't have to hear those damn *hymns*."

"I'm not quite sure," you say; "I'd have to *interact* with her."

Oriko beams, and claps her hands. "Yes, excellent. Do that, please."

\> Discuss how we intend to go forward and deal with QB

You shake your head.

"This all is interesting enough, I suppose," you say, "but I'm more immediately worried about how to deal with our good friends, the incubators."

Oriko is still grinning a little. "Well, that's up to you, isn't it?"

You frown. "I was rather hoping for your input."

Oriko shakes her head. "No, I mean — our relationship with Kyuubey will soon hinge entirely on you personally," she says. "Oh, yes, he will be so very very interested in your potential. Don't worry, it will easily overcome anything else on his mind, those *trifling* little concerns about grief cubes and inefficiency."

You blink a few times as you process this.

"That … would have to be a rather substantial potential, then, to make up for a meaningful percentage of humanity's output," you say.

"... Fuck," says Nanami.

"Monster," declares Oriko, smiling wider than ever. She stands. "Would you like to know the future, perhaps? To help you decide what to do about him?"

You frown. "I am not sure we are at that level of trust just yet," you indicate.

"Oh, you'll supervise, of course," she says.

You feel a small tickling sensation in your soul, and take a moment to place it. It arrives from a small, shared, tenuous hope, a delicate bond between you and a soul who must be Oriko — your agreement with her that a certain future would be nice.

Ah, yes. I know that you were worried about what would happen with a connection, didn't want Oriko swearing any solemn vows, but they form much more readily than that. Any connection at all between two souls will make a little wispy little thread between them: a glance, a smile, even a burning hatred. The magic just lets you use certain of the better ones.

"… Perhaps," you say, skeptically.

"How would you prefer to do it?" she asks. "Would you like to let the magic draw us to something important? Is there something particular you'd like to see? Or perhaps we can head to the situation room, and relay messages to ourselves from the future."

***

**> view the future?**

\[]\[Future] Look for something specific you want to know about
-\[] A future meeting with Simona
-\[] Kyuubey discussing your potential
-\[] (write in)
\[]\[Future] Let magic select an important incident
\[]\[Future] Look into the distant future of 2461 and beyond
\[]\[Future] Use Oriko's Situation Room
-\[] (write in wishlist of messages)
\[]\[Future] Don't look at the future
-\[] (ask more questions, write in)
-\[] (scheme, write in)
\[]\[Future] Delegate the responsibility to someone else

Before looking at the future:
\[x]\[Resolutions] Make resolutions in advance of future sight
-\[x] Resolve not to make a contract with Kyuubey without a specific plan about how to get out
-\[ ] Change your mind and decide not to help Simona

If you vote to view the future, please attempt to refrain from writing in ten thousand other things until you have seen the future.

Speaking of which, in a later update:
\> Decide as a group if we should return Oriko's gem
