# seeds and cubes and potatoes and feathers

**> \[Priority] Find Kirika and Yuma.**
\>> Retrace previous attempts to find them.

After considering the possible routes, Nanami and Machina suspect that Kirika got on a bus. It matches Amy's surveillance. Unfortunately, the bus connects to a local transit center, from which she would have had a lot of options. Nanami has been conducting research on how to best compromise the greater Mitakihara municipal surveillance apparatus, for this and other reasons, but information on how is scarce.

\>> Once that fails...
\>> The ribbon \*claims \*that it can bring people together, and that forming connections can be exceedingly easy. Then couldn't it give us a hint to where Kirika is, since she's intensely connected to Oriko, and they both want to find each other and make sure they're okay? Would it be possible to just tell us where she is, or how to find her quickly, and let us do the legwork?

Yes, the ribbon can show you the connection between Oriko and Kirika. From the tenuous common ground you have, you can extend your own soul to look at it. A noisy citrine-colored magic braid runs between Kirika to Oriko, for the girl is no longer her own creature. She belongs to Oriko, and, as she wished, she will keep changing into whatever Oriko needs.

But to bridge timeless space and real spacetime takes a skill with magic that neither you nor Ryouko has. Simona knows it, and even she finds herself led astray by a failure to understand just who it was she was looking for.

\> \[Future] Look for something specific you want to know about
**>> Use futuresight to find Kirika and Yuma.**
\>> The ribbon must not come into contact with Oriko, even indirectly through you. Put it on the floor a bit away.

"Just a moment, first," you tell Oriko. "Can the rest of you keep this safe, without touching it?"

You place the ribbon on the floor.

Mami nods, seriously. "I can keep that safe."

"Without using magic on it, either," you add.

"I can do that," says Mami.

She conjures a woven orb of her own ribbons, which surround the red one as it hovers inside.

"Nothing touching it at all," says Mami.

You nod.

***

"Do you think maybe we should go back?" asks Kirika.

Kirika is pacing nervously around an alley. It's a distinctive layout, but not immediately identifiable. Laundry lines run between the brick buildings, and the shadows are dappled with sunlight reflected off windows.

"No," says Yuma. "This is the tenth time you've asked that."

"Well, I'm worried!" says Kirika. "She hasn't said anything since!"

Yuma sighs. "Exactly how is she sposed to say anything?"

"I don't know," says Kirika.

"If they did sabotage your bike," says Yuma, "we *really* need to stay safe. Wait for Oriko, and look for Kyouko."

Kirika looks down at the ground for a few minutes — then suddenly something catches her attention.

*Look out,* she sends. *Someone's coming.*

Yuma nods.

The girls transform.

A moment later Kirika smiles.

*Just one,* she says. *Alone.*

Footsteps echo down the alley-way.

Suddenly, there is voice.

"Please don't be alarmed," says the incubator. "There's no reason to be afraid."

Kirika's mouth goes open for a moment, and a look of disappointment crosses her face.

A few moments later, a girl emerges into the light. She's wearing a high school uniform, has long black braids and wears glasses. You've seen her before, of course. Nanami's neighbor.

"And what's the meaning of *this* supposed to be?" asks Kirika.

"Good afternoon, Kirika, Yuma," says Kyuubey. "Allow me to introduce miss Tsubasa Hanekawa. She's just made a contract with me."

"I'm pleased to make your acquaintance," says the girl, bowing.

Kirika is a little crestfallen.

"Aren't you a little old to be a magical girl?" asks Kirika, turning aside and folding her arms.

"O-oh," says Hanekawa. "Do you think so?"

"Kirika," says Yuma. "Stop it. You're being rude."

Kirika pauses, and takes a deep breath.

"I'm sorry," says Kirika. "I'm under a lot of stress right now —"

"Oh," says Hanekawa, fiddling with one of her braids distractedly. "I do understand how that can be. I can forgive you."

Yuma bows to Hanekawa.

Kirika joins her, tentatively, though she is unsettled, maybe even bashful and shy.

"I'm Chitose Yuma," says the short girl, "and this is Kure Kirika, who's under a lot of stress right now because of … love."

"Oh dear," says Tsubasa.

"Shut up," says Kirika. "You don't even understand what love is, all right?"

Hanekawa tilts her head. "That's… probably true," the girl admits. "It would be much easier if I did."

"Love," says Kirika, "is … an infinity of limitations."

Tsubasa considers that.

"Oh," she says. "What an interesting perspective."

"Don't make fun!" cries Kirika, cringing.

"I'm not," she says. "I promise."

"Really?" says Kirika.

Yuma clears her throat.

"Kyuubey," she says. "You've got a lot of asplaining to do," says Yuma. "What's going on? Why are you here? What do you want from us?"

Kyuubey hops down to the ground. "Tsubasa-san, as a new magical girl, has a lot to learn," he begins. "She could benefit from your tutelage. It wouldn't be very nice to leave her facing witches on her own, to say nothing of demons, and I'm hoping that she can help you out as well."

"Why do you want to help us all of a sudden?" asks Yuma. "It seems very suspicious."

"I understand," says Kyuubey. "You have seen that I've been at odds with Oriko in the past, it's quite true. But new developments have changed things considerably. Oriko is being held hostage by Clarisse's 'Gang of Nice'. It's a dangerous group, with dangerously advanced technology, and mind control. They have Oriko's soul gem, and she is their prisoner."

"I told you we needed to do something!" exclaims Kirika.

"Oh dear," says Hanekawa, looking down at Kyuubey. "That doesn't sound very *nice* at all."

"We … we need Kyouko, then," says Yuma.

Kyuubey shakes his head.

"I'm afraid they've got Kyouko, too."

"… no," says Yuma, squirming.

"But don't give up!" says Kyuubey. "I have lots of ways that I can help."

"Oh, yeah?" asks Kirika.

"I can contact Simona and the others for you," he offers. "I happen to know know exactly where she is, and I can be there quickly. There's just one little thing I'd like in return."

Yuma frowns. "I knew there was a catch," she says.

"It's really nothing of the sort," says Kyuubey. "I just want to ask you a few quick questions."

Yuma nods. "Okay," she says.

"To begin with," he asks, "what precisely made you run away from Oriko's house?"

"Oriko texted saying that our communications were compromised," says Yuma, "and we should vacuate."

"I see," says Kyuubey. "Did you bring a cell phone with you?"

Yuma shakes her head. "No, we left it," she says. "Oriko texted that it was compromised."

"That's good," says Kyuubey. "The Gang have the power to subvert your cell phone calls, but landlines should be safe, at least for now. The Gang of Nice likely got that message as well, so they they know to go looking, and are almost certainly coming after you. It wouldn't hurt to avoid any areas with cameras, either."

"That's not too nice either," says Hanekawa, sadly.

"And Oriko's friend, Simona," says Kyuubey. "Did she ever demonstrate a power of bilocation?"

"Bio-what?" asks Kirika.

"Um," says Yuma. "That's just… being two places at once, right?"

Kirika's eyes go wide. "Can she do that too? That's … awesome," she exclaims.

"Unfortunately," says Kyuubey, "I don't believe that she can. I just wanted to rule out a possibility."

"Oh," says Kirika. "Well, it's no fair if she was hiding it, anyway."

"Finally, and most importantly," Kyuubey asks, "did you ever hear either Oriko or Simona speaking about a magic feather?"

Yuma goes stiff.

Kirika frowns. "What, does it let you fly?" she asks.

"That's not exactly its purpose," says Kyuubey.

"Chitose-san," asks Tsubasa, looking at the girl. "Do *you* know anything?"

"Well…" says Yuma. "No, she didn't say anything about a magic feather exactly."

"But she did say something?" asks Tsubasa.

Yuma sighs in resignation.

"Well, she was talking to Oriko, and said something about 'grief seeds, and cubes, and potatoes, and feathers,'" says Yuma. "I don't remember why, I just thought it was weird."

Kyuubey nods.

"Thank you," he says. "That's very helpful. I will be in touch with Simona immediately," says Kyuubey. "She and the others are at risk as well, and there is strength in numbers. I won't be gone long."

"… bye," says Yuma.

The incubator fades away with the vision.

***

The vision has been substantially less intense than usual.

"What I would generally do now," says Oriko, "is make a plan to change something, then look again. In this case, I'd like to make sure that this new girl doesn't have a chance to interfere. But it isn't going to *work* if you're going to thwart all my plans immediately."

"What do your plans here involve?" you ask, with a frown.

She sighs. "It doesn't *necessarily* have to end up dangerously violent," she says. "But if the option is legitimately on the table, you can see what it's like without that girl interfering. But if you would never go through with the idea, you can't what it would look like to just remove someone from the picture."

You frown. This might explain a little about why Oriko has started down the path that she has.

Ryouko looks askance at Oriko. "Are you seriously proposing murdering someone as a test to see what that does to the future?"

"Hypothetically, yes," says Oriko.

Ryouko shakes her head. "I'm afraid that's something we can't allow—"

"Look out, incoming," interrupts Nanami on other side of the room.

Kyouko quickly summons a spear.

"Please don't alarmed," says the Incubator's voice, as the creature comes strolling into the room — and stops at the point of Kyouko's spear.

"My my," says Kyuubey. "It seems I am less than welcome. I wonder, were you girls meeting to conspire against me?"

Kyouko shakes her head. "We're just 'aving ourselves some private conversation, y'see?"

"I *do* see," says Kyuubey. "Though, it's quite remarkable to see Oriko working with Clarisse. Or is it the other way around?"

"What do you \*want, \*Incubator?" asks Oriko, with a sigh.

"I just had a few questions for you girls, that's all," says Kyuubey. "Mostly regarding your friend, Simona, and what she's been doing recently."

"Why don't you just ask her yourself, then?" suggests Oriko.

"Perhaps I will," says Kyuubey, waving his tail. "Or perhaps I already have. But I was also here to ask if either you or Clarisse have encountered a certain unusual artifact," he adds, "a certain feather with magic powers. It's a matter of some importance to my interests."

Oriko tilts her head, and glances at you expectantly.

***

**> elephants can't climb trees, can they? nah, nah, that's ridiculous.**

\[]\[Kyuubey] Answer Kyuubey's questions
\[]\[Kyuubey] Make demands in exchange for answers
\[]\[Kyuubey] Lie to Kyuubey
-\[] Feign ignorance
-\[] (write in overt lies)
\[]\[Kyuubey] Answer nothing

\[]\[Hanekawa] Proceed to the rendezvous location in the vision
-\[] (write in tactical plans)
-\[] use the time until then to do other things
\[]\[Hanekawa] Attempt to distract Hanekawa in advance of the contract
-\[] with an artificial emergency
-\[] find that boy who was her friend, ask him to call her and meet her
\[]\[Hanekawa] Attempt to dissuade Hanekawa from making a contract
\[]\[Hanekawa] Find a way to channel Shizuki Tomoyo's power, and offer Hanekawa a contract yourself
\[]\[Hanekawa] Murder her after all
I did warn you not to get ahead of yourselves in the last vote. I remind you again this vote; only the rendezvous-as-in-vision plan will really give you a lot of time for small things. That said, I will gladly defer:

\> When you have a few minutes, ask for video excerpts of Oriko ranting about your magic use.
