# It is part of a set of 32

\> ask Mami to withdraw her ribbon cocoon as unnecessary. Just leave the ribbon there.

Okay, easy enough.

\[1] Make out with Ryouko

You have access to future-sight. You could attempt to see this conversation before it happens. Could that get you more information than you would have otherwise? If only there were some way for you to know that you were in a vision; you could take more risks, and try things without consequences.

\[5] DO NOT make out with Ryouko.

oh but

what if

what if... you went to kiss Ryouko

and she liked it and kissed you back and then

and then Oriko said "oh, no, just kidding, this is the real world"

and then… and then you'd be \*ruined forever \*wouldn't you

and … and … maybe you wouldn't even mind…

-\[1] Gross.

oh most certainly so

\*deliciously \*shameful

especially if everybody knew

\*Clarisse? \*asks Ryouko. *Are you okay?*

\[5] DO NOT make out with Ryouko.
-\[1] Yet.

… Right. Even if you wanted that this definitely isn't the time. Besides, you have a Kyouko (sort of) (it's complicated).

You shake your head, as a way of shaking off the distraction. It's one of your little expressive quirks that you don't notice about yourself.

*Sorry,* you say. *I was just thinking of something.*

\[3] Answer questions
-\[2] in exchange for info

"Kyuubey," you say, returning to the task at hand, "before we answer all your questions, I have a few things to ask you."

Kyuubey looks at you with his usual opaque gaze.

"I suppose, if that is how you'd like to proceed," he says.

\> Ask about Simona's whereabouts/contact info

"She is in the rainforests," says Kyuubey, "in a rather remote area. If you like, I shall speak to her once I have the opportunity. I need to ask her questions as well. Perhaps by this evening?"

You nod. "That would be quite helpful."

"You don't need to trade me for that, though," says Kyuubey. "I'm quite willing to help."

"I'll keep that in mind," you say.

You entertain the idea of asking for help with Kyouko finding Kirika and Yuma as well, but… maybe telling Kyuubey everything about your next move exactly isn't the best plan. Maybe that's why he decided to send them a newly contracted Tsubasa-san in the first place?

\> Ask Kyubey for the information of the person who began a quantum handshake with us but cut the connection before sending useful data. Who are they and what are they doing now?
\> Ask if is he intercepting our futuristic electronic communications. If so, how?

Kyuubey's attitude towards you is very agreeable, but it's not *particularly* helpful.

"I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about," says Kyuubey. "I don't monitor your communications."

"Then, just to be abundantly clear, neither you nor any others working on your behalf are intercepting them in any way?"

"Most certainly not," says Kyuubey.

"Do you have the capability to do so?" you ask.

"Not presently," says Kyuubey. "Perhaps it could be developed."

It was just Homura, I promise.

**> ask Kyubey what he means by 'feather with magic powers'**

"Well then," you say. "To begin with, what do you mean by a 'feather with magic powers?' What does it look like?"

"I mean exactly that," he says. "They are mostly white, with a colored pattern, and have a tendency to slightly glow. Its native form may be over a meter long, but depending on the configuration of the magic, it may appear as small as ten centimeters or so."

"You say 'typical;' are there many of them?" you ask.

"It is part of a set of 32," he says, "and while I am only operating off rumor to begin with, I would nevertheless be surprised if there is more than one on the planet at this time."

*That's an oddly specific number,* observes Ryouko.

"So what *is* it?" you ask.

"It is, literally, a manifestation of magic," says Kyuubey. "It belonged to a magical girl."

"Oh," says Homura. "So if we find it, do we give it back to her?"

"I'm afraid that's not possible," says Kyuubey, shaking his head. "The magical girl in question has been dead for some years now. I should like you to return it to me. It could be very dangerous in the wrong hands."

"Like the cubes?," asks Nanami, skeptically.

"Oh, it's *far* more dangerous than the cubes," he says. "Unlike the cubes, it is itself energetic. If it fell into the wrong hands, the consequences could be unspeakably disastrous."

"And I suppose your stewardship is beyond reproach," interjects Oriko.

"Well," says Kyuubey. "I haven't really heard otherwise in this matter. Of course, you must \*surely \*be aware that I watch over quite substantial energies already. Did you have a specific allegation of malfeasance?"

Oriko shrugs. "I'm just trying to imagine precisely how you conned it off of her."

"It was given to me freely," he says, "and as for how it was taken away, I am unwilling to share. As regards to its current stewardship, I am making inquiries and taking precautions — which is why I came here to ask questions. Is there any reason for me to expect that Simona has one of these, in addition to the cubes? Should I be taking precautions?"

\[2] Feign ignorance
\[2] You saw it in a vision
-\[+1] if Kyuubey's been helpful
-\[1] it was mentioned in passing
-\[1] and you don't think it exists in this world
\[1] Mention the Star Empire if asked
\[1] Discuss the Star Empire and visions in detail

Your best course of action is *not* clear.

Ryouko shakes her head. "I'm sorry, Kyuubey. We don't have any idea."

You would almost leave it at that... but you have such a very clear feeling that he's *testing* you here.

\> You saw it mentioned in a vision

"Actually," you say. "One of Oriko's visions had the topic come up. Not the actual feather, though; we didn't see that, or any explanation of what they were. The topic just came up in passing. I don't have any direct evidence that it exists here at all."

Oriko scowls.

"I see," says Kyuubey. "It's too bad that you don't know for certain. I suppose I'll just have to remain vigilant. Thank you for your time, everyone."

He shows himself out.

*I must say, it's quite interesting,* Oriko sends to Ryouko and Nanami, after he's left the room. \*I wonder if that was part of the plan.

What plan?\* asks Nanami.

*To end all witches,* she says.

*That's… very interesting*, you reply.

***

"Okay," you say. "We have a few things to do, straight away, like... find Kirika and Yuma… before Kyuubey starts telling them all about how we've taken Oriko hostage and are brainwashing her."

"Huh," says Nanami. "That's… not technically false, is it…"

"There's lies, there's damned lies, and there's Incubator truths," you opine. "And there's also another related matter which I think that you might be best positioned to deal with, Nanami."

"Oh?" she says.

***

"WHAT," declares Nanami. "Miss Know-It-All? Goody-two-shoes-senpai?"

"If she's really that bad," proposes Ryouko, trying to help, "then getting magic would make it worse, right?"

"It's also a modest layer of deniability," you note. "It's not a coincidence we have to explain to Kyuubey if he shows up: she's your neighbor; you were bound to run into her."

"*Fine,*" expresses Nanami. "just … fine."

"You know," you say, "one of the reasons that Kyuubey may have been interested in contracting her to begin with is that she can provoke that sort of a reaction. He might use it as an opportunity to drive a wedge between different parts of the group."

"You think that's what he wants?" asks Nanami. "I mean, he's certainly friendly enough to you…"

"That's…" You consider. "He wants me to contract. And if he doesn't, I guess, he might also want to use that to drive a wedge somehow as well, I'll have to keep an eye out..."

"So what do you want me to *do* with her?" asks Nanami, returning to the topic of her neighbor.

"Convince Tsubasa-san that contracting with Kyuubey is a bad idea," you say. "Tell her as much about your own experience as you're comfortable sharing. Warn her that he can't be trusted, and give her a broad offer of open-ended help."

"… right," says Nanami. An idea then occurs to her, and she perks up a bit. "You know, it might just be worth it to explain something to her that she *doesn't* know everything about already."

"As long as you don't impress her too much with how awesome it all is," you say.

She nods. "Oh, I'll go full cynic on her," she says with a goofy look.

"Uhm," says Ryouko. "Not too cynical on yourself, though?"

"I think I can manage," says Nanami, rising.

"And then we need to find Kirika and Yuma," you say, "probably send Kyouko, check that it all works out, and then…"

"And then we are all going to *eat*," interrupts Oriko. "Especially you, Clarisse. Unlike the rest of us, *you don't run on magic*."

"Okay," you allow, "and then…"

"Clarisse, do you have any notion of *taking it easy?*" asks Oriko. "Or can you *simulate* one?"

***

The visions presently indicate Nanami saving her neighbor from a witch, solo. Kyouko finds Yuma and Kirika, and when they get back, Yuma is upset that she missed brunch. You've said goodbye to Kyouko and Nanami (the former more tenderly than the latter), reassuring the two girls that they will find the targets of their search in short order.

Until their return, Oriko is in a frilly apron, preparing food. It smells good and is probably not poison and if it was it probably wouldn't matter.

Mami has followed her into the kitchen, but remains grumpy, certain that Oriko's cheeriness is a plot. She's asked for Homura to wait in another room.

\> (deferred) When you have a few minutes, ask for video excerpts of Oriko ranting about your magic use.

Oh, Ryouko has these, of course.

After you summoned the staff, you were levitating in a beam of lilac-white light. When you finished, and had worked the magic, and faded from consciousness, your body remained levitating.

Oriko looked around the carriage and made a noise like air being let out of a balloon. She went, "Gaaaaaaaah!"

Soon after that, she tried to rush over to you — but Mami summoned ribbons, and tangled her up.

"Whoa there!" says Kyouko, pointing her spear a few centimeters away from Oriko's nose.

"I got the cameras, by the way," says Nanami. "Someone watch the door? Homura?"

Oriko does a reasonably good job of looking in control despite being bundled in ribbons.

"Ryouko!" she says. "Don't just leave her!"

Ryouko looks at Oriko, confused.

"Catch her!" says Oriko.

"But she's not falling?" asks Ryouko, confused about the instruction.

"Yes!" says Oriko. "Do you know how long it's going to last?"

"Uhh—" says Ryouko… then reaches out to touch you.

As she does so, you promptly de-transform, and the light fades, and you gently fall into her arms.

"Now," instructs Oriko, "treat her like a delicate, fragile, fading flower, and get her somewhere to *recover*."

"You mean, like a bed?" Ryouko asks.

"That would be ideal, yes," says Oriko.

Ryouko expectantly awaits your suggestion of beds within teleport radius — then quickly realizes that there's no Clarisse to suggest where, she has to make that decision herself, and quickly. Where should she put you? Where is tactically safe? Home? But Clarisse will want to ask Oriko questions, and teleporting back and forth too many times is spending magic, and… she doesn't want to leave you in case Kirika somehow comes to hunt you, and… a solution quickly presents itself.

"If we go to your house, are there going to be any magical traps?" she asks.

"What?" asks Oriko. "Why would — no, there aren't."

She nods. "Then we'll see you there."

And then she's in Simona's room, because it's empty, and safe, and she lays you down carefully… then awkwardly figures out how to put the sheets on top of you, instead of underneath you. Then she tucks you in, and regards you as a fragile flower, and sits down next to you until Kyouko comes.

Well… it's good to know Oriko sorta-kinda-cares?

Something catches your eye, though. You rewind the view to just as you transform. There's a flash of light, but if you slow it down…

For a moment, as it forms and before it flares up around you, the glow takes the shape of wings, and from your ornithological studies with Azrael, you know enough to count out ten primary flight feathers, and six secondaries, times two is…
Huh.

Oriko was right. That *is* very interesting.

***

**>** Prioritize

Non-vision priorities:
\[]\[Priority] Research feathers and souls
\[]\[Priority] Follow up on the resolution to contact Simona in the past
\[]\[Priority] Follow up on what happened to the Goddess
\[]\[Priority] Avoid attending school
\[x]\[Priority] Make out with Kyouko
\[]\[Priority] Practice gemless magic
\[]\[Priority] (write in)

Oriko vision priorities:
\[]\[Futuresight] (write in)
-\[] (add resolutions?)
