# Do you accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior, Clarisse?

(This doot is brought to you by the Kings County Superior Court System.)

\[2] Scheme to clone a Simona for the feathers
\[2] Investigate cost first
\*\*> Either way distribute them to the others for now
\*\*
\> Give Homura one ribbon, tell her to handle it gingerly.
\>> Warn her about side effects

You'll get the other magical girls together for this, and begin to make arrangements. In the meantime, Hitomi asks Madoka to help her take some of the dishes downstairs, then see her off.

*It's just as well,* you send to the two of them. *I'm not quite sure what's going on with these new feathers. It might be slightly safer elsewhere.*

\> Ask the Princess if she has any advice on how to use feather magic since it apparently vaguely resembles her magic

"I thought you knew how," says Princess Ryouko.

"Sort of," you say. "Your magic has so many promises, though. I don't have any promises to the feathers, or to Simona. At least, not that I remember."

"You can always ask," notes Ryouko, as she closes her eyes and places her hands together.

"Soul of Simona, my dear companion and friend. I entrust you to Clarisse for safekeeping. Please help her and her friends, until the day that you and I can be together again."

She stretches out her hand. The feathers rise, and form themselves into a circle around her. The feather which floats above her hand shrinks to a much smaller size, and is encased in a transparent bubble. The others circle around, entering the bubble, which ripples as it does so.

"This should help keep them safe," she says. "They won't blow away like this, at least."

"Is that barrier magic?" you ask.

"Maybe," she says. "It's just a promise, really," she says.

You can see a few of her thoughts on the nature of barrier. It should protect them from interacting with other magic, unless you want it to interact, and it should make them harder to detect — though if they should be lost, it might be trouble.

It also seems to be letting in whatever hope energy is still cleansing the feathers.

"And if I need to take one out?" you ask.

"Reach inside?" she says. "When in doubt, talk to them."

You nod.

The princess holds the bubble close to her.

"Thank you," she whispers at the orb. Then, she hands it to you.

"Take care of my friend," she says.

You nod.

Right — how do you do that, anyway?

\> Investigate cost of cloning a Simona for the feathers

You ask Nanami for an estimate on cloning.

\*Do you have any genetic material? \*she wants to know, first thing.

*Not really,* you admit. \*I could get some, maybe.

Who are we trying to clone?\* she asks.

*Simona,* you explain. \*We have an extra soul. I don't know where else to put it.

Don't we already have enough Simonas?\* asks Nanami.

\*Well, it's not just about her, *you note.* If one of us becomes a witch, and something happens to her body, it would be better if we have a tested way to revive her. Or if something else happens.

… okay\*, she replies. \*That makes sense, I guess. Do I have a cash budget too?

Assume money's not an obstacle, to start,\* you say, \*though, if it's too expensive, it will be harder to keep a low profile.

Got it,\* says Nanami. *Give me an hour or so to think about it.*

You try to separate out about five feathers to entrust to Nanami; the bubble draws in a group of six, so you go with it.

\> \[Princess]
\>> Thank her for saving our lives
\>> Offer our friendship
*>> Offer our friendship*
\>> Let her know we're happy to be of assistance if she needs it.

"Princess Ryouko," you begin —

Uhm. You're surprisingly nervous about this.

You know you shouldn't be, and yet…

"Yes?" asks the princess, expectantly.

You take a deep breath, and do your best to relax.

"It's funny," you say. "In one sense, I know you very well, and in another, we've just now met."

"I know just what you mean," she says, then looks a little brighter. "Say, Clarisse? Can I call you my friend?"

"… No fair," you say. "I wanted to ask you the same thing."

She takes both your hands in hers, and presses them together.

"Thank you, Shizuki Clarisse," she says, "for being my friend."

You are both smiling, and tears are welling up in your eyes.

Kyouko, lingering in the corner, puts her hand over her mouth and stifles a laugh.

You giggle, and blush. "I think Kyouko thinks we're funny."

"You two are so cutesy right now I could barf," says Nanami. "Get a room."

"Um," you say. "This is the room."

Kyouko finally lets an audible snigger escape, and smiles a big goofy grin.

"… right," says Nanami. "I have to do, um, research."

Ryouko glances over to Kyouko. As she does so, she sends a very small amount of magic through you, to your link. It reflects back, like some kind of sonar — and something about it seems to trouble her; she turns serious.

*Ryouko?* you ask, internally.

*Hold on,* she replies, as she walks over to Kyouko.

"Kyouko-san," she says. "You care about Clarisse, don't you?"

"Huh?" she says, and then blushes. "Y-yeah, what about it?"

"She cares about you too," says Ryouko.

Kyouko is now very, very red. "I… I know t-that too," she stutters.

"I also care about her," says Ryouko. "So I would be very happy if you did something with me."

"Like what?" asks Kyouko, very confused.

"It's just that … when you're worried, and you're afraid that something might come between you and Clarisse, you should talk with her about it. Because I wouldn't want either of you to get hurt."

Kyouko looks at Ryouko, surprised, and a little bit troubled.

"… Yeah, sure okay," she says, after a moment. "You're right. I'll do that."

"Good," she says, with a nod, then turns back to you.

"Umm… Right. Thank you," you say. "For this, as well. And — if there's anything that we can do to help you, anything at all, while you're in this world, or otherwise…"

Ryouko's eyes go a little wider and her brain suddenly goes to work realizing that she's in a whole new universe, and has seen about one room. She quickly decides that it wouldn't be right or responsible for her just to play tourist.

But if there were something close by that could make a difference… maybe she could stay a little longer.

So she pulls at a little piece of magic, reaching through her link with you, to the ribbon — a flash of magic illuminating the house around her, out to the fence.

"I want to see your library," she suddenly concludes.

"Library?" you ask.
\*
Hitomi, do we have a library in this house?\* you send to her wirelessly.

\*No? *she replies. I* mean, there are plenty of books, but they're all around, not just in one place.

Could you show the Princess through them? *you ask.* She thinks there might be something here she wants to see.

Okay\*, replies Hitomi.

As Ryouko heads out to look into books, you pause, and realize that there's someone else you should thank as well.

*Thank you for your help*, you tell the feather inside you\*. You also saved me, and someone dear to me.\*

You feel a warm feeling, in reply.

Emboldened slightly, and, in the spirit of asking —

\*It doesn't bother you when someone touches the wings, does it? \*you ask.

This doesn't seem to bother the feather in the least.

***

*> Let Kyouko fluff you*
**> Let Kyouko fluff you
\>> Ponder feathers and souls**

You sit down on the floor by the bed.

"Go ahead," you say. "Fluff me."

"Huh?" asks Kyouko. "Wait, really?"

"It'll help me relax," you say.

"Okay…" she says, and sits down on the bed behind you.

It feels good. Very comfy.

"You're *so* soft," says Kyouko. "It's kind of incredible, actually."

You smile a little, close your eyes, and let your mind wander a little.

You're pretty sure you dissolved a curse. Or rather, you're sure that the curse *was dissolved*. For one thing, you're not quite sure how much of that was you, and how much of that counts as someone else. Another, more important thing, is that it wasn't just the magic that was at work; it was the hope. The magic just unlocked something in the grief seed, broke a seal, and let hope into a place where it wasn't able to go before.

Also, if you had to guess, that's probably ruined it for the incubators.

It's also not the sort of thing you could do to a soul gem. Not like that, anyway.

Maybe there's another way you could get in, if you had to.

"Why are there thirty-two?" you wonder. "Is it a power of two thing?"

"Two, four, eight, sixteen…" Kyouko works through the math, then shrugs. "I dunno. Is there something else it could be?"

"It's one squared plus two squared plus three cubed," you posit. "It's a happy number. It's the atomic number of germanium, a semiconductor."

"Germanium?" asks Kyouko. "Really?"

"Of course not really," you say. "I really don't know."

You close your eyes, and try to feel inside for an answer, with magic, try to look at the magic of souls.

It's strange.

There's an echo of a sensation, if you're looking for it, but the shape feels less like feathers and more like a flower, somehow. A funny looking one, but oddly familiar.

You puzzle it out for a moment.

Actually… it feels an awful lot like radio, of all things.

Right. When you put it that way…

"Third order spherical harmonics," you realize.

"What?"

"It's… the number of different ways you can make a certain kind of pattern on a sphere, based on how complex the pattern is, and the different ways you can point it. It shows up in physics when there are certain kinds of resonances — like, with antennas, or, electron orbitals in the periodic table."

"Um. I don't remember them covering that," notes Kyouko.

"Right, the orbitals at least are probably in advanced courses," you realize. "Here, let me show you."

You send her an animated outline of the patterns, and a simple sum. 2 + 6 + 10 + 14 = 32.

"Okay," says Kyouko, biting her lip. "Does this … *mean* something, though?"

"I'm not sure," you say. "Maybe soul-memory interactions are quantized, somehow…"

It's weird to think about souls like particles. On the one hand, it makes a certain beautiful intrinsic sense, and the idea is something you're already quite familiar with. But at the same time, something about it also feels *wrong* — like the sort of thing the incubators would study so that they could use your soul for energy.

Of course, that makes sense too. But… you don't like it.

Didn't Gretchen say something about being a hope monopole? Hmm.

***

"Clarisse," asks Kyouko after a while, pausing.

"Yes?"

"Are you an angel?"

You chuckle. "Not that I'm aware of," you reply.

"Oh," says Kyouko. She resumes petting.

"Kyouko…" you begin. "About what Ryouko said …"

**> Talk with Kyouko
\> Reassure her that just because our culture supports consensual polyamory doesn't mean we'll nonconsensually cheat on her.**

"I already know what you're going to say," says Kyouko.

"Oh," you say, then pause. "Wait, you do?!?"

"You're going to tell me that just because you think having lotsa girlfriends is okay, it doesn't mean you want to have more than one," says Kyouko.

"Uhm," you say. "No. I mean, yes. You're right that I was going to say I wouldn't. And I won't. Certainly not without asking."

"That's good," says Kyouko.

"Does it bother you anyway?" you ask.

She shrugs.

"I don't know," she says with a shrug. "I guess not. It's, like, not something that I really need to worry about, is it?"

You shake your head no.

"So I kinda guess it doesn't really matter then," she says. "It would be stupid to fight over something that won't ever happen."

You nod. "That's a relief."

"But … it's more complicated than that, isn't it?" says Kyouko.

You consider that a little while.

"Does it have to be?" you ask.

"… yes," says Kyouko.

"Why?" you ask.

She shakes her head.

"I can't even explain," she says. "Can I? Not safely, anyway."

She sighs.

You frown.

You'll have to try to guess.

"Because… you're complicated," you conclude. "Because of how you grew up, and because of your dad."

She nods.

"Yeah," she says.

"I'm sorry," you say. "I think I might have been getting a little more defensive there than I should have. It's a little bit of culture shock for both of us, isn't it?"

Kyouko pauses.

"When you said those things," she says, in a muted tone, and very methodically, "I wanted to call you out on them and tell you they were wrong. Not just because I felt that way. Not just to convince you. I wanted the magic to change you. Actually, I had a hard time not saying anything. Even though I knew it wouldn't be right."

"O-oh," you say, startled.

"So yeah," she says. "Complicated. But you know, that's all… whatever. It's not even something that you would do, and it's not the part that matters."

"What's the part that matters?" you ask, unsure if she's getting at another conflict, or is about to say something about feelings that matter, or some higher principle.

"Well, I wonder if there are even people like me anymore, in your future," she says. "Or would I be alone? If I came with you." She sighs.

You're a little surprised. "Are you thinking about that?" you ask.

"It's not like I have much of a life here," she says. "But … culture shock, like you said." She sighs.

"If you mean Christians, well … it's a little complicated, but they're definitely not gone," you tell her. "Even just as far as magical girls are concerned, the Vatican has magical girl orders with a lineage going back to the medieval era. I guess you're not a papist, but, if it helps at all, the Romans and the Anglicans reunited."

Actually, it's somewhat annoying. The Christian church slightly prefers to handle the Christian magical girls — which is one of the reasons you haven't been programmed with anything specific for them.

"What about your religion?" asks Kyouko.

"That's … complicated," you say. "There's… time secrets. I can say a few things, I guess. The church is called the Church of Hope, though, Ryouko and I technically haven't registered."

"It's not Christian, though," says Kyouko.

You make a face.

"The Christian church says it is," you point out. "So technically, you could sort of say that I'm a Christian? Even without the registration…"

Kyouko makes a face. "Does the Church of Hope profess the Apostle's Creed?"

"Uh… no," you admit.

"Nicene creed? The thirty-nine articles?" She sighs. "Do you accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior, Clarisse?"

"… No," you admit. "Not when you put it like that, anyway."

Kyouko tilts her head, and looks at you.

"I gotta admit, I ain't exactly seeing how this is supposed to be Christian," she notes.

You shrug.

"Well. Besides the, ah, technical reasons," you begin, sidestepping the details thereof, "the Church of Hope believes that a goddess saves magical girls from despair," you say. "So it's salvation-oriented, at least. Which… I guess isn't the same, but, maybe it's something."

"And you believe in her?" asks Kyouko.

"She's… definitely a real person," you say. "We've sort of talked a lot, actually. She's a magical girl, who made a very powerful wish, faded away from the world, and watches over magical girls from outside of time. But for some reason, the wish doesn't work here, which is why there are witches."

"Huh," says Kyouko. "But … you're definitely not an angel."

You shake your head.

"It might be easier if you were," says Kyouko, a little dejected.

"Kyouko?" you ask. "What exactly are you worried about?"

"Well," she says, "there's something that isn't so abstract, something that does happen."

"What is it?" you ask.

Kyouko lets her fingers slip from the wings, and she looks down at the floor.

"Kyouko?" you ask.

"We're both girls, Clarisse," she says. "And — and I don't know if that's okay."

It's not a sharp pain, it doesn't sting, like when Ryouko called you her your minion. It's more like … falling.

You knew that this was a risk, in this era. You just somehow never really imagined *Sakura Kyouko*, of all people…

"I guess you'll have to decide… what's really more important to you," you say.

She shakes her head. "No, it's not — it's not like that at all," she says.

"Then what is it, Kyouko?" you ask.

"I can't… I can't explain…"

"If you don't think it's okay for two girls to be together," you say, numbly, "that could make it *very* hard for us to have a relationship. Even a complicated one."

"I know!" she replies. "That's why it hurts!"

She turns and she looks at you, tears welling up in her eyes.

*> It matters to her because she loves you, Clarisse.
\> Please... try not to hurt her.*

"… Oh," you say.

And you know how she feels. She sees you, and thinks of some bright and beautiful soul, bound by chains, or perhaps sharp thorns. They are manifestations of something evil, something dark, insidious and wrong. And she wants you to be free of them. You know this, because you think nearly the same thing about her, and the feeling resonates.

But it's still sad, and it still hurts, and the warmth in it just makes the hurt worse, if anything.

"Well, I don't believe there's anything wrong with two girls being together," you say. "And, I think it's wrong to say that it is. But if the reason that you're worried about it to begin with, is because you care about me, then at least that's… something," you say.

Kyouko sits up, and looks at you, ever so slightly forlorn.

"Hearing those words from you … it hurts. But if you tell me it's because you care about me, and you want me to go to Heaven and not to Hell, or something… well…"

"… sort of," she says, making a face and wobbling her hand. "I don't know."

"You know, Kyouko," you say, "even if you mean for good things to happen, a judgmental attitude about these specific doctrines is one of this era's afflictions. Even when people care, they can be an oppressive vehicle of hate and of shame."

"I don't hate you, Clarisse, I lo—"

She stops, and looks at you, because you look like you're hurt, and you've placed your hand over your heart.

This one pierces your heart, too, but… differently.

"I love you, Clarisse," says Kyouko, earnestly. "I might be a little shy, but, I'm not ashamed of it. I know what it's like to grow up different. I won't hate you for being different. I won't disrespect you. I won't manipulate or lie to you. But what I will do... what I have to do… is to want good things for you."

She takes your hand.

"So if that's okay with you," says Kyouko — "if you can be patient with me, while I figure things out… if you'll have me…"

"… Oh, goddess, Kyouko," you say, flustered, "this is … this is a hell of a way to confess to a girl!"

***

**> Kyouko has offered you her love**
*>> yes! please, treat it kindly, Clarisse*

\[ ]\[Kyouko] Decision: Tell Kyouko you love her too, but that she'll need to make up her mind
***\[x]\[Kyouko] Patience: Tell Kyouko you love her too, and you can be patient with her while she figures out how to do what's right***
\[ ]\[Kyouko] De-escalate: Ask Kyouko to slow down; you'd talked about taking it slowly, after all!
\[ ]\[Kyouko] Distance: Tell Kyouko the distance between you is too great after all, but, you still want to be friends
\[ ]\[Kyouko] Witness: Beg Kyouko to join the Church of Hope in exile, and help you restore the goddess.
-\[] Maybe you are an angel after all.
\[ ]\[Kyouko] Revelations: Tell Kyouko the time-secrets about the goddess and the founder of the Church of Hope
\[ ]\[Kyouko] Conversion: Offer to convert to Christianity for real, for Kyouko's sake.
(she can baptize you right here, you know)

Other matters remain deferred:
\> Plot to become a ballerina: ask Hitomi about watching one of her lessons
\> Speak with Papa briefly about everything
\> Contact Machina, fill her in and then ask what Mami and Oriko have been up to.
\> Speak with Nanami, Yuma and Oriko about healing someone from soul feathers.
