# I l-love you too, Kyouko

*This late updoot brought to you courtesy of SNCF, TGV Duplex, and the beach of Antibes.*

I expect that, centuries hence, when Clarisse and Kyouko are feted as paragons of romantic love, with a public holiday on every world, and their names invoked in blessings for young couples — I expect that in those days, people will speak at length of the pair's dedication to each other, and of their loyalty, and the sense of otherworldly purpose that burned within each of them. Not always the same purpose, by any means, but still, the same sort of bright flame burning inside.

And even then, surely, young hearts will wonder: how does a pair like that start? Why would Clarisse fall in love with Kyouko? Was it just an accident?

Well. It's complicated, of course. Why does anyone fall for anyone? What happens along the way from a feeling of, *it would be nice to spend time together*, that turns it into the feeling that these two are sharing now?

The sharing is, of course, a part of it. Shared hopes, indeed, and shared sorrows. There may already be more there than meets the eye. Kyouko has lost her family, and is running from the emptiness. Clarisse fears the emptiness of the day that Ryouko will be … well, not *gone*, one certainty hopes, but at least, distant. Perhaps on some level they are rushing towards each other's embrace for shelter and warmth, in a broken world which is so different from the one that each cherishes. They are matched, as it were, in their mismatch.

Of course, they are mismatched with each other, as well, and it will yet be trouble for them. Perhaps, though, there is something essential in that mismatch which is why and how everything works. Here, you see, is Kyouko, a broken and difficult person, stubbornly real, and over there off to the side are all your daydreams of what that person could be. Some people get the two confused, and are disappointed. But you, Clarisse, have seen enough of the real person to choose, and I think you know the stakes, know that she's not just stubborn and obnoxious, she's a beautiful creature.

(Of course, one of the secrets is that they are all beautiful. Falling in love is just the sort of thing that really lets you see it.)

***

The problem is that you are having difficulty speaking. So *first,* you nod an affirmative Yes to Kyouko, and then spend three minutes and twenty two seconds embracing her as the tears fall.

Kyouko may be crying as well. Not a lot, just a bit.

"So," you finally say, letting her go. "I l-love you too, Kyouko."

**> Tell Kyouko you love her too, and you can be patient with her while she figures out how to do what's right**

***

"Hey, you know what, though?" asks Kyouko, after a while.

"What?" you ask.

"We're still complicated, aren't we?"

"We're … oh, come here, you," you say, and wipe the tears from her cheek. "Do your best, okay?"

She nods. "Okay."

There is a minor commotion outside which attracts your attention.

"Speaking of complicated, excuse me for one moment," you say.

***

\> hide fluffy wings before leaving

Hiding the wings isn't hard, but it sort of also feels like folding yourself up like an origami crane. Technically, you don't *need* to peek outside the door to see what's going on, as Ryouko is there — but it does seem to be a little more polite to have an avatar present than to listen in on the matter invisibly, and listening in on the princess makes you feel a little bit uncomfortable. There's something different about it when it's her.

In any event, it appears that as Princess Ryouko's search thus far has been fruitless, Hitomi is trying to prevent her from accessing the attic.

"It's not *forbidden*," says Hitomi. "It's just a little risky."

"The best secrets are in dangerous places," says the princess, nodding. "What should I expect?"

"Dressmaking," says Hitomi, after a moment's consideration.

The princess is, naturally, confused.

"The risk is that you may be asked to assist," you clarify.

"Is that all?" asks the princess, a little disappointed.

"It's enough," you say.

"If you insist," says Hitomi, you are welcome to head up. I should prefer to remain here, however."

"I'm not quite sure that I insist," says the princess, "but I will proceed nevertheless."

She proceeds up the spiral stair.

Hitomi looks over to you, and smiles briefly. As the upstairs door clicks shut, she holds up five fingers. Four, three, two, one…

"Oh, Ryouko, darling!" says a voice from above. "What perfect timing!"

***

"Well," you say, returning to the room. "You did warn her."

"You should be careful, too," says Hitomi. "If she finds out about the wings, you'll *never* get away."

You nod, and ponder a few moments.

"Say, Hitomi," you begin.

"Yes?"

"There was something I wanted to ask," you tell her.

\> ask Hitomi about watching a ballet lesson

Hitomi looks very serious as she considers the request.

"That is, if it's not too much of a bother…" you say.

She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.

"Hitomi?" you ask, confused.

She opens her eyes suddenly again.

"Clarisse," she says, brightly. "I have something I'd like to ask of you too."

"In exchange?" you ask. "What is it?"

Hitomi smiles. "I'd like to have a sleepover with you," she says.

"A — a what?" you ask, confused.

You look from one bedroom door to the other. They are remarkably… proximate.

"But…" you begin to object.

"It's so convenient, it's perfect," she says.

"Okay," you say. "I guess I can do it…"

Hitomi nods. "You should pack a bag with the things you'll need," she directs, "like your pajamas and your toothbrush."

You are slightly doubtful.

"Do we need pajamas? I… we don't technically need to sleep," you note.

"Yes, definitely," says Hitomi. "Tonight is all right, isn't it? Ryouko will be out hunting, I imagine."

"I… I suppose?" you say. "I'm, um, usually supposed to go with her..."

"Yes, but it's mostly just walking, right?" asks Hitomi. "You can teleport over if you really need to."

"Umm…" you frown. "Is it okay if I ask her, first?"

"I suppose," says Hitomi. "I can't imagine she'd object. Shall I see you at, say, nine thirty, then?"

"Right," you say to yourself, as she strolls off down the hall, humming a little tune to herself.

***

Kyouko heads off do Things. She doesn't really want to say exactly what things, which you suspect means that she's probably going to off brooding. Or brooding-while-hunting.

"Well," you say to her, "remember, I'm here for you if you need me. Really."

She nods. "Thanks, a lot," she says. "And, uhh…"

She looks at you, and at your face, a little bit shy uncertain, before deciding to genuflect on one knee and kiss your hand.

"Kyouko," you say, your heart fluttering briefly. "Oh — oh, come here, you," you say, and give her a little peck on the cheek. "Take care of yourself, okay? Try not to be *too* angsty."

She smiles. "Yeah, okay."

"Remember, we *like* each other," you say.

Kyouko gives you a big goofy grin, before leaving through the window.

***

*So just cloning is easy, *reports Nanami.* Even Sayaka could do it, at this point. The hard parts are the external life support system, and the accelerated growth.*

While Governance has the necessary equipment mass produced, you lack supplies like nutrient feeds, growth hormones, precision mixers and sensors to watch it all, especially in the earliest stages where the growth is most radical. If it were just the seventeen kinds of nanites it would be one thing, but this is going to be a major, expensive, months-long project.

\*So I've been looking for corners to cut, \*says Nanami. \*The most obvious is to just take the process more slowly and let nature handle things naturally, instead of telling what ought to be an infant body to grow enormous legs, and then making the bone structure stronger retroactively. The second most obvious way to help is to skip some of the growth entirely. Clone, like, a toddler, instead of a teen. What's the target time frame we're looking at?

Can we manage something in two or three weeks?\*

Nanami sends a slightly-terrified sound.

\*That sounds like a no, \*you reply.

*Oh, we can do it, *she says.* You won't like it, though.*

Nanami has gotten creative. The first key to the time savings is to skip the more complicated life support by using internal incubation for about a week of the process: essentially an accelerated pregnancy, equivalent to some point in the second trimester. Simultaneously, she would proceed with construction of an external incubation tank using commercially available equipment. The developing clone would be removed, transferred to the tank, and undergo further growth to an equivalent of about six years. The body as delivered would have a variety of health issues, especially skeletal; a magical girl would heal these. Also, to save dramatically on the complexity of managing brain development, Nanami recommends the soul be present throughout the process. The total grief estimate is twenty to forty cubes for the first time setup and another twenty to forty for each clone. The two-week timeline that gets you a three-year-old equivalent; at three weeks, the clone would be seven, and at four weeks you can get her to around fourteen. You'd need to pick the target in advance, though, or there would be further delay in switching.

*Thank you,* you reply;\* that's adequately terrifying.

Oh, thank you! I have other terrible ideas, if you'd like them, \*she says.

\*Dare I ask?

If you wanted to bring someone back as some form of a tactical computer equivalent, I estimate we can do it in four days. Most of that would be figuring out the genetic compatibility issues that would let it use her own genome, instead of her host's, and new software interfaces. Ten cubes.\*

This is a terrible idea, but it does raise an interesting possibility.

*How much to get her out of there, later?*

Nanami sends a virtual shrug. \*If she had a soul gem, it's super cheap; just move it and have a healer do clean up. Soul gems are all sorts of cheating here. No clue how it works with feathers.

Do you have any way at all to move a mind that isn't magic? \*you ask.

*No, *declares Nanami.* That would be a new technology, now, wouldn't it? I can tell. Very many cubes, very very expensive, for breakthrough technology. Cannot afford.*

How many? you enquire.

*Um. Thousands of cubes, maybe more?*

No. You can't afford that. Governance, on the other hand… maybe they could. Maybe they could afford a lot of interesting stuff, if they could turn magic into technology.

You'll make a note.

*Thank you, *you say.* I'll take this all under consideration.*

***

\> catch up with Machina
\> ask whether Mami has been making out with Oriko

Machina indicates that Mami is markedly improved. Oriko seems to be behaving herself, with no magic since Ryouko demanded that she share a vision with her. Then, Oriko swore an oath that both Ryouko and you would be quite satisfied with her inaction during your absence, and that she would not attempt further magic until then. She did swear it on Ryouko's gem, without even trying to crush it, though you're not thrilled that Ryouko took that risk, soul gem cover notwithstanding.

*Has there been any unexpected affection between Mami and Oriko?* you ask.

Machina marvels very greatly that you would ask such a thing, and expresses her disdain for the idea in at the same time, in a unified packet.

*I heard someone suggest they might be making out,* you note. \*Naturally I was surprised to hear such a thing as well, and a little worried. \*You encode the general worry that If Oriko was able to seduce Mami, then she'd be about halfway to having the rest of the group at her mercy, then continue onto other topics.

*I am temporarily without teleportation*, you note,\* as Ryouko is visiting the Star Empire. In a short while, I expect to have it back, and I'd like to come by and entrust Mami with a particular artifact.\*

There is an unexpected pause here.

Oriko is interrupting to opine that you are a "deranged maniac, meddling in forces beyond her ken."

*It's not my fault*, you say with a virtuual sigh. *We were attacked by a paradoxical existence of Simona's witch, disassembled her grief seed, and extracted some some peculiar soul artifacts from inside. Though I am not sure Kyuubey would approve.* You send her a report of the situation.

*I have no idea what to make of this,* says Machina. *I'm not aware of any precedent. Soul gems are essentially inviolable, short of destruction. Perhaps grief seeds are less so? If there's a large release of magic… The memory-manifestations are curious. There was a FA soul mage during the Unification Wars who wrote a large amount of some rather eccentric poetry about the "wings of the soul". She was a 5-7-3 case, unfortunately, and I don't have her written works onboard, just a few recollections from Mami-san. As for what your princess friend said, soul mages who work with isolated gems often use language about talking to the soul inside, as well. As for putting fragments of a soul inside another magical girl…*

She authorizes you specifically — and not Ryouko — for a specific level five clearance. Ironically, the information she supplies is something you've already known from Ryouko's vision: that one magical girl can transfer her magic to another.

*This kills the magical girl,* Machina notes. \*And it's all or nothing; you can't trade or share powers.

I appreciate the trust you place in me, but Ryouko and I have both been informed of how this works previously,\* you note.

\*Oh, \*replies Machina, a little surprised. *May I ask why?*

You decline to answer.

*Also,* adds Machina,\* while I was myself concerned about the idea of placing fragmentary souls inside of people, Oriko is now clarifying that she was referring to "time."

Oh. Yes, there may have been a bit of a temporal paradox involved in defeating the paradox witch, \*you admit.

There is a pause of several seconds before Machina replies.

*Oriko might actually be right, Clarisse. You are very special, and all of us must do what we can to protect you*.

*That only sounds a little ominous, coming from Oriko, *you opine.* Is she winning you over? Should I be worried?*

Machina sends a packet of assurances. *Trust me. It will take more than Oriko's ramblings to win over Mami-chan.*

Oriko is very frustrating. You might want to do something about her soon. It's making you grumpy.

*> you shouldn't let her get you down!*

That's right. Because Kyouko *likes you* likes you. And that's important too.

*> feel floaty again*

***

\> Speak with Papa briefly about everything
\>> Gloss over the parts where we flagrantly violated the law

You bounce down the staircase, quite oblivious to how cute you're being about it.

Papa, who has been reading on the sofa, stands up to greet you with a warm hug. "Hello there. Long time no see." Then he looks down at you with concern. "Are you all right?" he asks, running his fingers through your hair where the colorful streak has taken root.

"It's okay," you assure him. "It's a long story, and I'll explain it all, but the pink streak is just me borrowing someone's magic for the moment."

Papa is surprised.

"That sounds extraordinary," he says. "I don't think we'd heard of such a thing back in my day."

"It's worse than that," you admit. "I'm paradoxically borrowing exotic and unprecedented variants of magic from a girl you knew in the past, using a time travel paradox I haven't actually done yet, but simply *decided* to do in the future."

He looks confused. "Who did I know?"

"Kinomoto-san?" you say.

"Oh," he says. "Oh, goodness."

"Speaking of which," you begin…

\*\*\*> speaking of which!

***

You elbow him in the arm.

"H-hey!" he says.

"That's for stealing my special dress!" you say.

"K-kinomoto-senpai?" he stutters.

"You didn't ask permission!" you complain.

"There — There were extenuating circumstances!" responds ~~Papa~~ Nadeshiko. "It was really important!"

"That was my Mom's dress, Shizuki-san," you complain. "She didn't leave me a lot of things, you know?"

You fold your arms and look away from him ostentatiously for a moment.

"I'm sorry…" he says. "I didn't know!"

Well.

"You did look very pretty," you allow, and sigh, as you relent. "It's okay. I forgive you."

~~Nadeshiko~~ Papa just stands there looking embarrassed.

**> please stop being Clarisse, Sakura. She's likely to be concerned.**
***> ... okay***

You realize what you've been doing with a bit of a startle, and cover your mouth.

"Oh goddess, Papa I'm sorry, I didn't know she could do that —"

"Excuse me, Clarisse," he says, spacily, as he walks over to a nearby door.

"Papa?"

Papa has shut himself in the closet.

*> this is crowded*

The fluffy wings pop back out.

(Don't worry, no one saw.)

***

\[]\[Papa] Distract him with newsy updates
\[]\[Papa] Request story about the incident in question
\[]\[Papa] Reassure him that you already knew about Nadeshiko from the Star Empire and how lovely she was
\[]\[Papa] (write in some other scheme or reassurance?)
\[]\[Papa] Make a *contract* with him
\[]\[Sakura] Plan to return the feather extra-quickly so this stops happening
\[]\[Sakura] call upon Kyouko for help; hide the fluffy wings with an illusion
\[]\[Sakura] Try to come to a more orderly arrangement with the current body sharing
\[]\[Sakura] See if you can move her to a tactical computer temporarily
\[]\[Sakura] Find a way to clone her permanently
\[]\[Sakura] (write in a creative idea?)

\[]\[Clones] Get a genetic sample from a Simona and begin discount cloning
-\[] (which Simona? and other parameters)
\[]\[Clones] Deprioritize this for the time being
\[]\[Clones] Swear off discount cloning entirely
