# Things That Nadeshiko Can’t Do

**Author's Note:**
I beg thee, please, be careful, [dear](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/clarisse-quest-now-in-part-ii-revolutionary-girl-clarisse-a-pmmm-tts-quest.44100/page-200#post-12677162) Thelxiope
for, while I have tried to do my best
— *because* I have tried to do my best
I fear that I might make you cry again

***

\> Try to come to a more orderly arrangement with Sakura

You almost chide her for borrowing your *self* without permission. But then… that's not really her fault, is it? You're the one borrowing *her*, you're the one who *paradoxed* her here. The least you can do is give her a little bit of room while you're here.

While she's here.

\*I don't mind if you think, \*you tell her, \*just… be slightly more careful? Especially with people.
\*
She seems okay with that, and a little apologetic.

With ~~your~~ her feather back inside you, you have some sense of what the situation was with the dress. You'd left it with Tomoyo for mending. She'd left it. It's still a little confusing

But it wasn't just about ~~your~~ her mother's dress. Or how Nadeshiko just looked so much like Mom wearing it. She even has the same name as Mom. It's not fair; you can't just do that to someone's family, just try to replace someone precious like that. It's like taking the real one away.

*But… is that her fault?* you ask the other girl, lingering on the edge of the line between Clarisse-thought and Sakura-thought. If Tomoyo-chan did the magic, she might have known about Mom — about Sakura's mom — because *her* mother …

.... no, you decide, let's not go there.

This is all quite tangled enough as it stands, speculation on further entanglements right now would be irresponsible and unhelpful. People could end up hurt. Besides, Sakura is confused.

*Maybe Tomoyo will tell us more about it,* you suggest.

*Oh*, thinks Sakura. Tomoyo did say something that seems relevant, you think, about how she'd explain to you when you were older. Does this count? How old would you be now?

… You feel old.

\*No, you're not old, *you assure her.* Just... retro.

Well, how old are you? \*she wants to know.

*Negative four hundred fifty,* you tell her. *See? It's silly to think of it that way.*

**> reassure Papa that you already knew about Nadeshiko from the Star Empire and how lovely she was**

Well.

You sit down by the door, and you tell Papa all about it all. You are careful to be very gentle.

When you're finished with the story of everything that happened, he opens the door, and comes out.

"Are you okay?" you ask, standing up.

He looks at you and smiles.

"I'm sorry if I've said something I shouldn't," you say. "But in the future, no one would think there's anything to be ashamed of. There's technology to go back and forth, if you want, so that it's not a big deal…"

He reaches his hand out, gently, to touch your cheek for just a moment. Then he smiles.

"I know you're trying to be very kind," he says. "I thank you for that, and for letting me know everything that happened. I hope that I didn't alarm you too much with my loss of composure."

You regard him carefully.

"It sounds to me like you were troubled by this other future," he continues. "Of course, I can't be certain, but I should like to think that I was able to play some small role to help preventing it from coming about. I certainly should be disappointed in myself if I let my children's children inherit a monarchy."

"Are you sure you're okay?" you ask.

"Please," he says. "Let us put the matter behind us. We are not in such an enlightened future as yours, and perhaps I am simply paranoid but I am wary of scandal."

"But… I'm worried about you, P— Papa," you say, hesitating to call him that.

He gives you a hug, then kisses you on the top of your head.

"I am grateful for your kindness," he says. "And I am very glad to have you."

\> Prepare for a sleepover with our sister
\> Deprioritize clones; research interdimensional comms / transport

It feels unfinished, and this is frustrating, so you distract yourself with science as you attend to packing. What signal could cross the void between worlds?

No, take a step back first to a question of scientific philosophy. What is this that you just casually thought of as "the void between worlds," and does the concept make sense as some form of manifold with dimension or underlying physical manifestation? This is a big question. If there is a world-between-worlds, you need a signal that can cross it and then affect another universe. If there isn't, then you need to somehow affect something in the other universe directly, and there isn't much in the library of science to express the concept of the relationship between the two universes. Connecting two points in two arbitrary spacetime manifolds is imaginable, but *which manifolds?* How can one meaningfully identify or address a specific universe that isn't your own? At least if there's an overworld you could say that they have some sort of location there — or some analogue to location, depending on how much sense the idea of "space" would make there.

The only thing you have going for you is that you know that the universes have been recently connected somehow nearby.

But even "recently" is a strong term. That's one of the things about physics; people, and even computers, and life, are just so *slow*, and time is so fast in comparison. In a unified scale, one point three seconds is the same as the distance from the Earth to the Moon. Also, there's no evidence that the connection was physical, it was magic…

Magic on someone's soul, though.

The soul — that's what you're looking for, now, isn't it? Something that manifests in both universes. That's a connection that you have already. Can you send data into your soul? Overlay your soul with a waveform? If the soul itself is a waveform... and it is starting to seem like it is...

No. That doesn't sound right at all, that's not what Tomoyo told you about souls…

Wait, that's a Sakura thought. You focus on it.

Right. Tomoyo-chan said that a soul is like a song.

\*But a song ****is**** a waveform, \*you think at her. The notes are waves of sound that resonate with each other, even the motifs and the pattern of the song itself can be expressed in waves…

So if you can connect your soul to a data connection, make yourself the modem, then … well, you really would be the best cell phone in the entire universe then, won't you?

You stare down at the bed. You were going to pack, but it seems there's a small suitcase already here, packed with tomorrow's clothes, and pajamas, and a towel, and a toothbrush and shampoo. Where did that come from?

Oh. Right. It happened while you were distracting yourself with souls.

*Thank you, Sakura.*

It's funny for some reason. Or is that just her giggling?

Anyway. What's the difference between your soul as a modem and your soul right now? What's missing? Some way to process the signal? A medium of transmission? Some sort of an antenna…

Oh. But of course.

You have the ribbons right there in your pocket. If anything is an antenna, that would be it. You should use it to watch what happens when someone changes worlds.

Which… might actually be any moment now, actually. You should be ready for that.

You take one out of your pocket, and try to listen to it, as you scan around you for souls and signals. There's a general sense of the people around you. Tomoyo is upstairs, with the princess (and part of your self). She is a little embarassed to be changing into her dress, as it isn't quite her usual style. Then, downstairs in the office there's — wait, that's too strong

***

**> be Nadeshiko**

"You'll do your best, right, Nadeshiko-san?"

"O-of course," you say, looking at the closet.

You do need to pick *something*, and it might be slightly better if you picked it yourself.

This is your event, not hers. You are the one who wanted to try it.

"That's the important part," continues Tomoyo-sama.

You are confused a moment — Oh. Right. Doing your best. Yes.

You nod, but, there are still butterflies in your stomach. People are going to be looking at you. The lights on the stage will make them hard to see but you know they'll be there. And you imagine most girls are going to be a little nervous, too, getting up in front of everyone. That's normal, right.

Of course, they'll probably be worrying: "what if I mess up? what if they don't like me?"

And your concerns are more about, well...

What if they *do* like you?

What if you genuinely have the loveliest voice in the prefecture? Would you go on to a national competition? Could you actually win?

No. Stay focused. Stay calm. You're just going to sing for them, and if they're polite, they'll clap nicely. It's not like it's a really big deal. You're not going to be an idol or anything, even if you win at the national level. This is a classical competition.

What if you could be an idol?

Oh dear. You probably shouldn't think about this.

Besides. That's just not your style. You're not really the idol type. Are you?

Tomoyo-sama would make you an idol dress in a heartbeat. She's probably already got designs for one somewhere. She's working out something with a short skirt and an asymmetric blouse with low shoulders and adorable little heels and a matching bracelet and little tiny bright earrings and a peppy color scheme that ties it all together. Only, more so than you could imagine.

You'd do a song, and people would like it, and, well — they'd have video, wouldn't they? Everyone would look at you being super cute, and, and, you couldn't ever take it back.

But it's not just your picture, is it? If you hit it big, there'd no way you could go back then even if you wanted, is there? Because it'd be suspicious. The others would be investigated if you ever disappeared, and, that's too dangerous. So. Once you did something like that. You … you just might be s-stuck as a c-c-cute girl f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-for the rest of your life

"Don't worry, Nadeshiko-chan," says Tomoyo-sama, looking over to you. "It'll be okay."

She really doesn't know what she's saying, does she?

You feel very very tingly. A little light-headed, actually. Your heart is racing and racing and racing and you

No. No, you really can't keep going like this.

You *can't* be an idol, because … they'd start to look into where you came from, even if you didn't disappear. It could be trouble. Trouble for you, and for Tomoyo-sama, and the others.

But you know… they might start looking into you anyway, and that wouldn't be as much trouble—

No. You need to stop.

"I'm not sure I'm quite well," you say.

Tomoyo-sama looks at you kindly, and steps closer, placing her hand over your heart.

"Deep breaths, Nadeshiko-chan," she says. "Not shallow ones."

This just makes it worse, to be aware of it.
You're hyperventilating, and you have a mirror right over there
so you know exactly how *vulnerable* you look right now and it's …
it's … oh dear you should really really look away (right now) and stop or

well. You look away, anyway.

You take deep breaths.

It helps.

"Here," says Tomoyo-sama, removing her hand. "Come, sit down on the bed."

She sees you to the bed, where you recover for a while, until she has an idea.

"I have something in my room that might help," suggests Tomoyo-sama.

She trots out the door, and then — in half of a flash, she is back again.

"Here you go," she says. "Try this one."

It's just about perfect, light grey, light on decoration but a few musical note designs here and there. Pretty without being showy. Matches the music. And you'll pair it with the shiny black flats, and it will be… nice.

Just nice. Perfectly not-perfect-just-nice.

Which is *really* what you need right now, after all.

It's quite calming.

***

no no no no no no
no no no, no why,
no, no, how, no, no,
your cheeks are flushed
with *embarrassment*
and burning with shame.

Tomoyo-sama is about to
come around the corner
and laugh at you then
everyone is going come and
they'll see you and laugh, then
you are going to die of shame

No. No, that's not it.

It's dark. No one was in here anyway.

… certainly, no one is *looking* for you.

Maybe she's testing you.

You'd entertained for a moment that the competition could be one of her tests.

Even if it was your idea, she could still use it as a test.

Actually, something like this could be the final test.

If she wanted to see you... humiliated.

If she wanted to see you as embarrassed as possible.

You could even say that you deserved it.

No. That's not it. That would be cruel. She's not cruel.

Even if she were, it's not her style.

But then why are you alone in the dark, undressed, wearing nothing but your undergarments and a \*very \*very small slip?

And what on Earth are you supposed to do about it?

This could just be … unplanned.

Maybe *all* of this has been unplanned, since the start.

Maybe she's frightened by how far this has gone, and she's just trying to hide it.

Maybe that's why she's trying so hard to be kind to you…

It doesn't matter what you do, because, you think that something's terrible happened to her.

She made the dress with magic, you think. It makes sense. She could do that.

Then she went out to fight a witch, with her comically oversized needle and the magic scissors…

And she's just run out of magic, and your dress went Poof.

But… if she's out of magic
and she's fighting a witch, then…
your friend — your kind friend —
actually, if you think about it, you could call her
your best friend in this world, you realize —
she might be dead

and you are sitting up against the wall, crying.

Maybe it matters a little what you do. Because if all her magic's disappeared, and you're still a girl, then… You might just be stuck like this forever after all. And how will that work?

What will you tell her mother, when she doesn't come back? How long would you be allowed stay? Where would you go? Could you beg a home from one of the others until you graduate? That's a long time. Are your records good enough to pass muster, when you graduate? Where would you get the money for the rest of of school? Would you have to work?

*Could* you work?

This is a question, because getting a job may very well be one of the Things That Nadeshiko Can't Do. That's another way that you can tell the magic is out of Tomoyo-sama's control, because she would never imagine these things, and certainly wouldn't support a rule like that. No, you're pretty sure that things like this are all your fault. This is your karma, and she was just the catalyst for it.

There are a few things you can't do, and many more things you don't get to decide to do. You can't use your old name, tell anyone that you've been enchanted, hint at your secret. You also don't get to do things like ride skateboards, swear, raise your voice, wear pants, or other unladylike things like that. You can't cut your own hair, or decide to get a haircut, but, other people can. It does grows back very quickly, though, even then. The things you told Yukari-san, well, those are the more serious ones.

You try to remember what specifically you said to her, even though this hurts. Do you get to work outside the home? Or do you have to just… marry someone?

Because if this is out of control, that's where it's going, isn't it? And if it's badly out of control... you could end up with, like, twelve kids. This wouldn't be the worst, being stuck with lots of kids. It's *who* you'd marry that's more the problem. Another complication also occurs to you. You're a little young, the boys you know are a little young, they're not thinking of getting married and supporting someone, yet. To top it off, you're pretty sure that you're not allowed to just approach a boy and say you like him. No, you definitely called out Yukari-san for that one directly. There is no way you could.

So what's going to happen to you?

You've thought it over.

You could get a job, you think. You're pretty sure. But… it'd be have to be the right kind of job. Something like a teacher or a nurse might do, it's just, you don't have the credentials. What other jobs are just incredibly feminine? The kind of job you *wouldn't* have called out Yukari-san for, in other words.

Maybe… maybe a waitress. It seems borderline, though.

Maybe…

Maybe you could sing.

For weddings, and things... yes, that might just \*possibly \*work.

And you're here, right now. And if you won a competition, you could tell people that and they might want you to sing.

But you don't have too much longer until you're suppose to sing, and well, you literally don't have *anything* to wear.

Tomoyo-sama wouldn't want you to cry.

So you try not to, and wipe your tears.

There's a way, there has to be.

The answer is in Tomoyo-sama's bag that she left with you. It's something she brought, for mending, so there's a tear in the sleeve. Even so, it is so much better than nothing. And it fits —

***

"I thought you were dead," you tell Tomoyo-sama, when she finally comes home.

It takes her an uncomfortably long time before she responds to that.

"It was… very close," she finally says.

You nod. "I was… scared," you tell her.

"But you still got second place?" she asks.

You nod.

"Well," she says. "The song you picked is… it's perfect, just, it's just not a very original choice, so they might have marked you down for it."

"No," you say, shaking your head. "The girl who won was just very good. You can tell, she's been practicing for years."

"Well, I'm very proud," she tells you. "It was quite brave of you to go on like that."

You nod.

"I thought…" you begin, then pause. "I didn't know what would happen to me, if you were gone, and I was stuck like this. So I thought that if it came to it, I might be able to make some money singing, some day. To help pay for school, at least."

Tomoyo-sama is looking at you again, with that same look.

"How did that feel?" she asks.

"I was scared, of course," you say, "and… sad, because you'd be gone."

She nods.

"And now?" she asks.

"Well, you're okay, so it's better," you say.

"How do you feel about being a girl, now?" she asks.

You… aren't quite sure what to say to that.

Also, it's a little uncomfortable to talk about.

"Were you thinking of… changing me back?" you ask.

"Nadeshiko, I've been trying to change you back since day two," she says.

Oh.

"So…" you whisper. "I am stuck."

"I should be able to do it," she says. "I don't know why I can't."

She sighs.

"I'm sorry, #######, I messed everything up —"

"Please," you say, "don't say that name. It just feels… weird."

Tomoyo-sama contemplates you a little while.

"Nadeshiko," she says, very carefully. "Do you even want to go back?"

The question is a hard and painful one.

"I don't know if it matters any more…" you begin, deflecting.

"Are you happy as Nadeshiko?" interrupts Tomoyo-sama. "Do you really want… all of this?"

"Why would you think that?" you ask, still alarmed.

"Because I think that might the reason you can't go back," she says. "Because I can't turn a girl into a boy, I can only undo turning a boy into a girl. And if you really want it, if somehow just your own soul got mixed up in it, and decided that's the person you are… if you've decided that's really who you aspire to be… then maybe that's a bit of magic too, somehow. I think that's what's stopping me. I'm almost sure of it, now."

She looks at you, piercingly.

"Is this the person who you want to be, Nadeshiko?"

She won't let you avoid the question.

And it hurts.

It hurts like someone has shoved a white-hot sword into your chest through your heart.

She really is torturing you this time. With kindness. Oh, why does it have to come to this? Why couldn't she have been *intentionally* cruel, and just have left you to be?

"I'll figure something out," says Tomoyo-sama, finally. "Maybe Sakura-chan can help."

"No!" you cry out, suddenly.

She looks at you, coolly.

"Things are going to be messed up enough already if I go back," you say. "It's… just, don't. It's okay. Just leave me like this. It'll be fine."

"I'll ask it again, then," she says, quite seriously. "Is this the person you want to be?"

You stare at her, still mute.

"Or maybe," she suddenly suggests, in a sharper and angrier tone, "maybe this is just the magic talking! Is there even anything of you left in there? Or did I just erase it?" she demands.

"I… no! You didn't…"

"Then prove it!" she demands. "Prove that you're still in there. Show me. Show me some fragment of your own volition, show me that I haven't just been talking to my own magic this whole time…"

She trails off, sounding pained.

"How??" you ask.

"I don't know!" she says.

"Then how am I supposed to prove it??" you ask, starting to quiver.

"Fight it!" she says. "Say something you're not allowed to!"

"Like what?!" you cry, panicky.

"I can't very well just tell you!" she objects. "That's the point!"

But you really just don't know how to say anything.

"I'll call Sakura in the morning," concludes Tomoyo-sama.

No.
No no no
no no no...

Your scream surprises Tomoyo-sama, but only for a moment.

"Give me a reason not to!" she insists.

"Damn you, Tomoyo!" you cry out. "Damn you, you beautiful idiot! If it was just the magic talking, it wouldn't be this hard!"

She blinks a few times. You've surprised her.

"Why do you have to make me choose?" you ask, through the tears. "Why can't you just leave me stuck like this? Why do I have to say it? It hurts, Tomoyo-sama, it *hurts*…"

It's so hard to say. Even breathing is hard.

"But the magic, though," she insists. "The compulsions, I can't just leave you like that—"

You shake your head. "It's… it was all mine all this time," you admit, as much to yourself as to her. "I don't know how, and, it's not strong at all…"

"But… then why?" she asks, confused. "If it's yours, why wouldn't it answer to you? Why would it make you —"

"Just look at me, Tomoyo!" you scream at her. "Look at what it takes for me to admit this!"

Look at the things you did to yourself, so that you didn't have to admit it.

Tomoyo looks at you, at your face, all swollen with tears, red with shame…

and then she melts, and rushes over, and holds you in her arms and squeezes very very tight as both of you cry on each other's shoulders

"i'm sorry, nadeshiko," she whimpers, "i'm … i didn't mean to hurt you, i'm sorry…"

***

\> clarisse?
\> are you there?

Oh goddess, oh, you were just looking for souls.

Was that Papa right now? Is he remembering?

He seemed so calm a moment ago...

"Clarisse?"

Ryouko is standing in front of you in a Star Princess dress, a ballet variant, with one of those stiff circular tutus… and she is holding a Book. It is a Book with a capital B. It looks very, very old, the sort of ancient book where you'd expect there's only one of them in the world, and it's more than a little ominous. The cover looks like it's been through hell.

"Here," she says.

"What… what is it?" you ask. "Here, put it down."

"I'm not sure," she says, as she lays it down on the table.

You open it to somewhere in the middle. The page is a mess, covered in runes, overlapping, in several directions, running off the edge of the paper… or whatever it is the book is made of. The runic forms are familiar, but they don't amount to anything. Ominous, but ultimately incoherent.

You try leafing through a few more pages. The same. There's no title on the front, either.

Hmm.

"Hold on," you say, "there's something in here…"

Wedged into the pages of the mysterious old book is a rather contemporary-looking sheet of plain paper, covered in…

*fashion sketches*

The left-hand page of the book is more orderly than the others were. The rune layout is coherent, and seem to hint at something at the edge of understanding. You're pretty sure that's a name…

There are images, diagrams, in dark black silhouette, careful arrangements. Overleaf, behind the paper with the drawing, there is an image of… well, of a something, it's hard to say. A texture, but it's far too close to see what it really is.

You check the fashion sketches against the silhouette. Do they match? They seem to match…

"And this was just… up there," you say. "Upstairs. With all the costumes."

There's another spot bookmarked like that one, with another costume sketch, another image, another layout page. The texture is a little wobblier, and skew, and the page of text and illustrations opposite seems wobblier, as if to match.

"How many of these are there?" you ask. "Is this where she gets her inspiration—"

This page is important. You can read the runes.

> Article:
>
> *Warupurugisu no Yoru
> Stage-Constructing Witch
> *Witch of History**
>
> Her nature is helplessness. She will continue to rotate aimlessly in circles throughout the world until she completely changes the whole of this age into a drama. When her disc points to the ground, she ravages the civilization below in a flash through her gale-like flight.

The image overleaf of this is quite clear, almost unreally so, like a hologram, of a feather. But you don't need to read any of it to guess whose feather; you don't need to interpret the rows of dancing girls, or the symbols in a circle around the cog, or the lacelike seal illustrating the witch's kiss, because Tomoyo has quite helpfully rendered for you an image Clarisse Von Rossum in an elegant watercolor.

"Just upstairs with the costumes," you repeat, as you close the book, and turn to Ryouko.

Wait. Her eyes are golden.

It's happening right now, you need to observe this…

You're not quite sure what you saw.

It's like a rotation somehow, but you're not sure what's rotated.

"… Clarisse?" says Ryouko, blinking.

"Ryouko," you say, and embrace her in relief.

"I got you… the other you… to tell me her plan," says Ryouko.

***

It's all Gretchen's fault.

But can you blame her? All she wanted was just one world where Homura could be *happy*.

Was that too great a miracle to ask of the universe?

She wanted her friend to be surrounded by a family, and people who would care about her. She was careful how she went about it. She only made the smallest and kindest of changes she could manage, just whispered words of kindness to a girl on the worst day of her life.

But sometimes, even that kindness can bring about an even greater tragedy.

Especially when you are a goddess, and you traffic in all the sorrows of all the magical girls in all the universes at once.

In the end, she had two regrets. The first was simply that Hitomi and Sayaka couldn't be friends until late in life, because Hitomi was too young. The second was that an induced current in the karmic cycles of the universe itself was continually shifting all of existence to generate the most human suffering possible, and, well, this one mattered a little more than the other.

Ryouko's summary naturally omits these underlying causes.

Clarisse Von Rossum was made aware of the karmic cycles, and she told the other You of the corruption. It could be cleaned, yes, but not from the inside, certainly not by someone who was so central to them.

So the other Clarisse got sneaky. She sent Simona to bring a copy of Ryouko to the new universe. She meddled with Nanami's wish to give the copies a past, and used the time window to give herself the idea in the first place. And now…

"She expected to use her ribbon and change places with *you*, and leave the two of us there to save the world for her," says Ryouko. "She says that it's officially your responsibility now, anyway. She tried to change right there, but … it didn't work."

"What did you tell her?" you ask Ryouko.

"I told her that I don't want to be a princess," replies Ryouko, "let alone a goddess. And she said that she was really, really sorry, but I wasn't the real Ryouko, the one who mattered, and saving the right one was too important, so she wouldn't listen to me. Then she showed me around the empire, and I met the other Asami, and then I almost got up to save everyone anyway, but she stopped me with magic, because you weren't there yet. I was going to fight her, but I thought, the least I could do was to come back and tell you, and…"

"I wonder what she'll think when her princess gets back," you say, and prepare to tell Ryouko of what she missed.

***

**> all of these matters, Clarisse, we leave in your capable hands**

can we do this as a plan-at-a-time thing?
this seems like it's a time I'd like to preserve priorities and ordering

\[] Plan: (name your plan)
-\[] (include goals and steps)
-\[] save the Star Empire? the princess and her Clarisse? How? (Be specific about anything to paradox, and how to do so.)
-\[] Give Simona-feathers to Mami and feathers and a ribbon to Homura as planned?
-\[] Conduct excursions to the past? Return the feather? Allow paradoxes here?
-\[] Try to do (something) with the latest artifact? (What?)
-\[] Sleepover with Hitomi? Talk about Papa? (Nadeshiko?) Talk with Papa?
-\[] Check on Oriko? Plot with the Paradox Committee? Add Oriko to the Paradox Committee?
