# Are you interested in power for its own sake?

(The delegation from Andorra was fun, the kids were super cute.)

***

[***> enact the master plan***](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/machine-in-the-ghost-a-tac-clarisse-quest-for-to-the-stars-a-pmmm-fanfic.44100/page-202#post-12757954)

You explain to Ryouko about your recent adventures. You tell her how you tried to use the ribbon and Oriko's foresight to spy on Kyuubey, but it was [too alien for you to handle](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/machine-in-the-ghost-a-tac-clarisse-quest-for-to-the-stars-a-pmmm-fanfic.44100/page-186#post-12297065). You tell her of how you were stuck in some other place — it's hard to say how long, it's a bit like a dream now — some sort of [parallel universe](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/machine-in-the-ghost-a-tac-clarisse-quest-for-to-the-stars-a-pmmm-fanfic.44100/page-74#post-10450481), where everyone was attending a fancy boarding school, how no one was a magical girl but everyone was dueling with swords with each other over [ownership of Simona](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/machine-in-the-ghost-a-tac-clarisse-quest-for-to-the-stars-a-pmmm-fanfic.44100/page-182#post-12265349), which was very weird.

(You leave out the bit where Ryouko [turned into a car](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/machine-in-the-ghost-a-tac-clarisse-quest-for-to-the-stars-a-pmmm-fanfic.44100/page-182#post-12266674). Some dreams are too weird.)

You tell Ryouko of how Gretchen plucked you out from the wreckage of whatever happened to that universe, and introduced you to a girl named Sakura whose magic and memories turned into feathers, scattered among the universes, and how one of them landed in the Star Empire. You tell her of how you met the Star Princess on your return, and how you were interrupted by Simona's witch, who came here from a future of the Star Empire which had already been negated. You tell her that you decided to cause a minor temporal paradox to save this witch — deciding on the spot that you would arrange to borrow a feather from this timeline's Sakura, delivering it to yourself at that moment, and how this probably that you will arrange some time travel to request it. You tell her how Sakura was a friend of Papa, and leave out the specifics about what happened to Nadeshiko. You tell her about how a small piece of Sakura's soul and some of her memories are now sharing your body, and that it's a little confusing.

You show Ryouko the fluffy white wings.

She likes the fluffy white wings.

She is, however, a little confused as to how you can arrange even a self-consistent temporal paradox by simply deciding it. It's a topic she's studied as part of her science curriculum: the reconciliation of faster-than-light travel and relativity rests on its impossibility in practice. You can try to fold spacetime into a loop with an FTL drive, but the energy just goes into making spacetime harder to fold, and your engines work against themselves.

"So how do you just get to decide you're breaking causality?" asks Ryouko. "Why didn't you just… explode?"

You shrug. "I suppose that the time travel magic must be extra-universal, so the usual principles preventing it just don't apply."

Ryouko is still distressed at the implications.

"So what's stopping everyone from making more of them?" asks Ryouko. "What's stopping me from making another time loop right now?"

"… Your better judgment," you propose, slightly alarmed at the idea. "Frivolous time loops sound like a recipe for disaster."

"Okay, what if it's important?" Ryouko asks.

Left unsaid, but easily readable in her thoughts, is the idea of using a time loop to find Asami.

**> Try to find Asami, if leads present themselves.**

"… Maybe," you allow.

Ryouko is a little frustrated and impatient at the *maybe*.

" I understand, Ryouko, she's important," you tell her. "But if anything, that's why we should be careful. Imagine if we were hasty and Asami exploded in a time travel accident."

Your girl contemplates this with alarm for a moment.

"That's… probably not going to happen, if it's magic," she says. But she gets your point.

"We'll be careful," you say.

**> Protect Shizuki Ryouko's resting blank expression face.**

Ryouko's having a hard time understanding how she feels, and is a little more resting-blank-expression-face than normal. She keeps reminding herself that the empire distressed and repulsed her. You're quite able to understand why it did, but there's something about the situation you can't quite put your finger on yet. You'll collect more data and try to assimilate what she remembers to update and refine your models, but it's going to take longer than normal to do so, because her NeverForget module was inoperative for several days. This means you'll need to get them out of her brain: not only is this a low-bandwidth link, but it's best done by either watching what she's thinking as it happens, or waiting until she's thinking about other things, to avoid interference with her ongoing thought processes. Actually, it might be a good idea for her to take a nap when she has a moment. You're pretty sure Governance never intended her implants to be used in quite the exciting manner they have been recently.

Ryouko agrees the nap is a reasonable idea, and is glad to have you looking out for her again.

"Of course, I guess you have someone to do that now too," she says.

You shake your head. "It's not like that," you explain. "Your thoughts and my thoughts are separate. With Sakura here, the thoughts sort of run together."

Ryouko is surprised.

"Is that safe?" she asks.

"Sometimes it's confusing," you admit. "But I think it's safe. I'm still 97% myself, and, well, she's a good person."

Ryouko isn't quite sure how to feel about that, and for a moment, you suspect that she's about to be upset at the idea of having someone else inside her, with access to her thoughts and memories.

It turns out that it's something else. The arrangement surprises her as unexpectedly intimate, and she's actually slightly jealous.

"It's not like that," you tell her. "I could put thoughts in your stream of consciousness if you really wanted."

"Oh," she says.

***

**> Give Simona-feathers to Ryouko, Kyouko, Nanami and Homura**

Kyouko and Nanami already have feathers at this point, and Ryouko offers to accompany you to deliver some of the feathers to Homura. You could do it yourself, of course, but Ryouko has just got you back and it seems like she'd be happier for you *not* to dash off immediately.

Amy and Homura have been working as a team. Nanami has set up a link between the kitty and Homura's cell phone, so that Amy can text her, and she can meow at Homura if the girl forgets the device.
\*\*
\> Give a ribbon to Homura\*\*
**>> Warn her about the soul to soul communication**

Homura does not react to the ribbon. You take this as a good sign.

You explain to Homura that the ribbon should permit her to bring someone with the other ribbon into her time-stop without touching, and that a witch had it before, and the feathers are what's left of the witch.

"It's like an antenna," you explain. "It beams the magic over to the other ribbon. Be careful; you can get stray signals from other peoples' souls. If you ever find that you're suddenly confused, or you hear voices, or you don't know who you are, stop time and take a break. If you're ever cornered, stop time, grab Amy, run somewhere safe, and we'll come find you."

"Okay," says Homura.

"Don't wear it in your hair," you instruct her. "Keep it in your pocket, or tie it around your hand." You consider a moment. "Not near the soul gem, though," you add. "Put it on the other hand. Don't let Amy play with it, and definitely, definitely don't let Kyuubey know you have it, or any of the feathers."

She nods, quite seriously.

***

When you return with Ryouko, she proceeds to take her nap, leaving you to attend to several tasks before dinner.

**> Try to read more of the book
\>> Insert sketches of magical girl outfits, leave it for a bit then try reading it again**

This seems like a good place to start.

The book is not really any more comprehensible than it was before, and you quickly discover a problem with this plan. Your drawing skills are roughly on a par with a three-year-old's. Oh, you can render photorealistic scenes in three dimensions if you're just doing them as data, but actually moving those onto paper with a pointy stick? This is not something you're prepared for. At all.

Sakura thinks this is very funny.

*Here, let me help, *she offers.* Who should I draw?*

It's a good question. You entertain a few ideas before deciding on none of them at all, just someone made up. You're half afraid of doing something to someone if it's real. The magical girl you draw has light purple eyes, white messy hair, and wears a track suit, with hand wraps. You decide to name her Amira Xue.

*Thank you*, you tell Sakura, as you put the book away on a shelf.

**> Look after Kinomoto Sakura
\>> Discuss returning her to her own time.**

***

\> Sakura, be a little bit of Clarisse

Clarisse wants to know whether you want to go back.

This makes you very sad, and you're not sure why.

Clarisse is concerned. *Tell me about home*, she asks.

You're doing your best to remember, but — something's not right.

You remember well enough. Home is a small desert kingdom. There's a marketplace in town, and when you were small, Papa would carry on your shoulders as you walked through the streets, and Mama would keep holding your hand anyway. Later you would walk through by yourself, and everyone was always glad to see you, and it was all very nice, and …

and none of that can be right. You might be three percent of a girl's memories, but you know very well that Mama died when you were very small, and that Papa was always doing things to remember her.

So what is this memory? Who would do something so cruel?

You are very near to crying, when Clarisse interrupts.

*I think it's a true memory, Clarisse tells you. It's from another world. There was an echo of that memory in me before. I should have realized that you might find it. I think that's really her.*

***

Sakura ends up crying anyway, bittersweet tears.

You are also crying at the same time. Because —

Well. If you have a home, it's not so much a place, it's Ryouko. But one of Sakura's feelings, one that you're sharing right now, is that she has to say goodbye to Home, and the people she loves, and she's come to this time without the expectation that she will ever be going back.

You're sharing the feeling as well, because it hits pretty close to home.

The unwanted voice comes to you while you are emotional, as is its wont.

"Good evening, Clarisse," says Kyuubey. "I see that you are well."

You pause, dry your eyes, and gather your composure before you turn to address the creature.

"Yes?" you ask.

"I was just here to see if I could be of any assistance to you," he says.

"Assistance?" you ask. "Such as?"

"To begin with," he says, "I thought that perhaps you might want me to stop making contracts in the area. You did send someone to talk to Tsubasa Hanekawa before I spoke with her, after all, did you not?"

"I suppose I did," you admit.

"I thought you might have," he said. "I have shut down all recruiting activity in Japan, as a measure of goodwill."

That part gets your attention.

"All of Japan?" you ask.

"Indeed," he says. "If you desire something like that in the future, I am willing to offer a variety of concessions, that I may find my way into your good graces, and obtain your assistance."

"My assistance in what?" you ask.

"In returning my missing feather, of course," he says.

Hm. Well.

You try to see how much he knows.

"Do you even know where it is?" you ask him.

"I'm afraid I don't," says Kyuubey. "But I am quite certain that you will encounter it."

"Why?" you ask.

"I have my reasons," he says.

"What *is* it, really? Please, explain it in detail."

"It's a self-manifestation of magic," he says. "When I make a contract with a magical girl, I place the soul in a resonant cavity, attuned to the magical girl's wish. The soul takes on a delicate structure in this state, which the soul gem serves to protect. Ordinarily the destruction of the cavity leads to catastrophic failure, but fragments can be isolated under exceedingly rare circumstances."

"Why are they feathers, though?" you ask.

"I'm not sure," he says, "but human magic tends to reflect human imagination and history. The first contract that Incubators made was with a girl who wanted to be able to fly like a bird, as a matter of fact."

You do your best to keep him talking. This is a very interesting historical notion and Kyuubey is being surprisingly open about things, which has you a little off-balance.

"So you want me to bring you part of a human soul," you say.

"It would be reunited with the rest," replies Kyuubey.

"Do you care about something like that?" you ask. "For its own sake?"

"No, I don't," he says. "But it's still very important. If it falls into the wrong hands, the consequences could be disastrous."

"Do you really think that's likely to happen?" you ask, skeptical of his conditional statement.

"It's too great a risk for me to ignore," he says. "The single most likely scenario is that it ends up as part of a witch. Walpurgisnacht already incorporates several, and I do not want to see any more added to its power. If it were to absorb this feather, I have no doubt there would be catastrophic disasters worldwide."

You frown.

"I see," you say. "Are there any other scenarios I should worry about?"

"There are *countless* scenarios, Clarisse," says Kyuubey. "A magical girl's soul is very powerful. This is why they are of interest against entropy, after all. One of the reasons they must be contained in a soul gem is for everyone's safety. If two magical girls fought each other at their full power, the collateral damage would be unacceptable."

You frown.

"Just how powerful is this feather, then?" you ask.

"That depends on how efficiently it's used," he says.

"Suppose it's Incubator levels of efficiency," you suggest, "whatever those happen to be."

Kyuubey doesn't answer that directly.

"Clarisse, are you interested in power for its own sake?" he asks. "If you are willing to make a contract with me, you could be the most powerful magical girl ever."

***

**> Kyuubey hasn't found out yet, so he hasn't flipped out yet**

\[]\[QB] Make a contract and become the most powerful magical girl ever
\[]\[QB] Negotiate the return of the feather
-\[] (write in negotiation goals)
\[]\[QB] String him along and see what he can do for you
-\[] (write in questions and requests)
\[]\[QB] Decline to help him

You should have some time before your sleepover.
\[x]\[After dinner] Do soul research
-\[x] Focus on basic research
-\[] Study the empty grief seed
-\[] (write in some other focus or goal)
\[]\[After dinner] Contact Simona
-\[] (which one, to what end?)
\[]\[After dinner] (write in)

\[x]\[Sleepover] Ask Hitomi for assistance with mundane, grounded things such as preparing for school

***Referendums:***
With regards to Ryouko's idea about Asami:
\[]\[Asami] It's okay to timeloop in an Asami if a safe opportunity presents itself.
\[]\[Asami] Resolve the Sakura-feather time loop first.
\[]\[Asami] Avoid further manipulation of Time.

We discussed leaving Sakura in place for the time being, but left open the possibility of building her a tactical computer if it didn't work out. How is it working out so far?
\[x]\[Sakura] The current arrangement is fine.
\[]\[Sakura] Things need to change.
