# Hello! Simona's phone!

**> No contract yet**
-> Maybe next week

"I'm not ready to make a contract just yet," you say.
"Are you undecided on what you would wish for?" asks Kyuubey. "Or do you have misgivings?"

-> Try to get soul info out of Kyuubey for research soon™

"I might feel better about it if I understood what it actually involves," you say, staying technically truthful.

"Would you like me to show you, then?"

What Kyuubey does next is confusing. It's \*like \*telepathy, but more like tele-vision, with images, a vision projected in your mind. It's not like Oriko or with the ribbon, it's less real, but demands more attention, crowds out the rest of your perception. The red circles are creepy…

In front of you is a complex, branching structure. It exists in three dimensions, but your vision of it is extended into a fourth. You do your best to understand it.

"This is a set of regulatory neurons in a human brain," says Kyuubey. "They influence the conduits that connect emotion and memory to executive function. Membership in this set of neurons is approximate, and changes over time, but we can still trace these world-lines over a human lifetime. These structure of these world-lines is a subset of a larger object, one which exists outside of a physical universe."

The four dimensional trace of neural activity over time, the ebb and flow of its activity over time, is suddenly replaced with a small glowing sphere.

"By applying the correct set of transformations, it is possible to interpret this structure in a more manageable way," narrates Kyuubey.

A gentle ripple flows across the surface of the sphere.

"If we naively interfered with the neurons," says Kyuubey, "the connection between the soul and the universe would be strained, or broken. If we keep the connection constant, however, the soul continues to project itself upon the universe, and in fact can perform useful work while doing so. Instead of the universe shaping the soul, the soul shapes the universe. We refer to this as magic."

The form in question is suddenly a blaze of chaos, radiant light and darkness, rapidly shifting. It is disorienting.

"From the perspective of this phase space, we have turned the soul inside out. To better manage the energies, I place the soul in a small pocket dimension, contained within the soul gem. The interface between this universe and the space inside the soul gem can be manipulated, with the effect of quantizing the allowable energies. The soul's memories then crystallize inside, like the peaks of a standing wave."

The center of the soul as a spheroid again, with familiar energy patterns projecting out towards the surface of what must be the soul gem. You suppose people who do not regularly study antenna radiation patterns must think this is rather like feathers unfolding, but you're not quite sure you'll ever understand the perspective like that.

Kyuubey continues. "The strength of the emotional resonance in this configuration permits the soul to reach for the object of its desire, a wish — and to continue to shape the world around it through magic."

The soul you are watching shines forth a brilliant and intense light, with just a hint of synaesthaesic tone.

"The emotion is hope?" you ask.

"Indeed," says Kyuubey.

The projection ends, and you are back in your room.

"How do you use it to fight entropy?" you ask.

"I am afraid that the details of our energy generation process are quite sensitive, and must remain proprietary," says Kyuubey. "I can tell you this. While a single feather is sufficient to locate a given soul, having the full set of memories is important to build the most efficient process. This is why I would like you to retrieve the missing one."

You frown slightly.

"What does the soul actually think of being used for energy?" you ask. "Are its memories impaired?"

"Clarisse," he says, "you are present in a civilization that is ultimately powered by the Sun. Have you ever tried asking it how it feels about being your energy source?"

"Does the sun have a soul that I should be aware of?" you reply.

"If it does," he says, "it is not a useful one. But unlike humans, we do talk to our energy sources, sometimes extensively, and obtain your consent for what we do."

"Yes, you do get consent," you note, "but it's hardly from a position of understanding."

"I share information when asked," notes Kyuubey.

This part of the conversation seems likely to be unproductive, but you spot a small opening.

"You didn't answer directly, earlier, when I asked about how much energy you obtained from a contract," you note.

"It is difficult to put the potential in terms which are compatible with your civilization's understanding of energy," says the incubator. "If I must be quite crude about it, I can meaningfully compare the usable energy from a contract with a medium sized galaxy, such as your own."

You stop.

"What?" you ask. "That's… that's way too much."

"Clarisse," says Kyuubey, "you were aware that I use your souls to fight entropy, were you not? Most girls don't understand this when I explain it, but you knew what it meant in practice from the start. Why are you surprised that the energy is enough to make a difference?"

You shake your head.

"How long does the galaxy-scale output last?" you ask, trying to turn this into approximate numbers. If it's just for the moment of the contract, maybe it's not *quite* so ridiculous…

Kyuubey shakes his head. "I don't mean that it matches the instantaneous radiant output of your galaxy, Clarisse," he clarifies. "I mean it is of the same magnitude as the entire energy content of the galaxy, including dark energy, and the rest-mass of both baryonic matter, dark matter."

Your mind explodes.

Not quite literally, but, your core programming has just been presented with something that makes you very uncomfortable. All your concerns seem very small now. The big picture is bigger than you, and Ryouko, and Governance itself. Humanity could rise from nothing to Governance a million times over before you put small a dent in it.

You wouldn't sacrifice a million Governances to save Ryouko and yourself. That would be monstrous. You're not that kind of paperclip-maximizer. This situation is different from that … but it's not different enough, it's not *nearly* different enough.

What did Yuma say that one time? That everyone who studied these things in detail went crazy? Damn. You can see why, because even if you take your time to check his story, even if there are more secrets he's hiding, you can still see yourself going down this path, making a contract. Making all the contracts. Helping everyone ever turn into a

It makes too much sense. It hurts.

But then, another part of you asks, what about Ryouko? What about Kyouko? Why doesn't they matter? Isn't this just maximizing a different paper clip? He's made turning into a witch look good. This can't possibly be right.

It puts the matter of two percent efficiency from earlier into perspective, in a funny sort of way. On the one hand, 2% really is a big deal. If you were dealing with this much energy, even a two percent loss would be excessive… but even so, it drives home just how unfair this bargain is, how little of the energy you actually see.

The frustration is a welcome distraction.

"If all that is true," you say, doing your best not to sound *incredibly bitter*, "the little crumbs of energy that you leave us seems rather selfish."

"Selfish is exactly what we *aren't*," says Kyuubey. "To hoard energy beyond what is necessary to protect ourselves and sustain our mission against entropy would be a waste. The surplus energy we collect sustains the life of countless civilizations throughout the universe."

This is an irrationally frustrating thing to hear from him, and you are momentarily at a loss.

"I see you are beginning to understand the scale," says Kyuubey, "and the importance. Are you considering a contract, then?" he asks.

You reach for the word *no*, but don't quite find it.

"Clarisse," says Kyuubey, observing you. "If you want to do something that matters with your existence in this universe, there's a place for you, and for all magical girls. It's waiting for you, if you want it. Your sacrifice will not be in vain."

He wanders off.

"But," you say to yourself quietly, after he's gone. "But … Ryouko…"

The other girl in your head has been hiding. She speaks to you now.

*I thought you were going to do it.*

She sounds like this was quite scary.

*I was tempted, yes*, you admit.

\*I don't want to go back, \*she says. *I hate those things. It's like living in a coffin.*

You recall her concern, from earlier, over the children hospitalized in an iron lung, the quiet and persistent horror.

*I would have stopped you*, she concludes, with a feeling of unrepentant guilt. Her imagination supplies an image of a broken soul gem, magic and feathers flying off everywhere.

It's hard to say: Is there a part of you that feels the same way, or is that her influence? Or maybe there's no difference right now\...

\*Well, *you note,* I'll be sure not to make any contracts while you are here. And if I do make one, I'd prefer to use alternatives to the Incubators.

Don't make them at all,\* she insists.

*… I can't make that promise. But I'll try not to,* you tell her.

It seems to be enough for her, at least for now.

***

\> Conduct basic research
\> Focus on observing souls

You have some idea of how to do this, but if the crisp pictures that Kyuubey showed you are any indicator, you have a lot of practice ahead of you, learning to listen well.

The one which you can hear and understand most clearly is Ryouko's. It also has the crispest patterns to it, a clear and well-ordered signal. The others' souls are a little too distant, though cross-referencing locations suggest that soul-distance and physical distance are not the same thing at all, and there are at least two signals that you could interpret as directional, of which only one is physical direction. Whatever the true nature of the phase space where you can perceive souls, it's weird.

Hitomi's soul, nearby, is the closest to a control specimen that you have. As souls go, Kyuubey's presentation specimen seemed to be an isotropic radiator, and Hitomi's is not quite that; there are directional anomalies. One of them you suspect is related to her promise to Ryouko, and seems to connect to that promise-thread. Another one, more active right now, seems to connect her to Papa.

The signal from Shizuki Tomoyo's soul is connected back to Hitomi as well, and to the ribbon. (That one is my fault.)

One thing you cannot do is get a good reading of your own soul, and what it looks like, and what it is doing, and it's not clear what sort of a mirror or alternate form of observation could permit this. You are able to determine that you are in two places at once spatially but this does not map well to the phase-space layout. The three connections that are strongest right now are Ryouko, Kyouko, and the ribbon.

Papa skips dinner, saying he's not feeling well. His soul is turbulent, and noisy.

***

\> use Oriko to find Simona's phone number
\> call Simona

Oriko supplies the number with a minimum of fuss. *She says that another letter is superfluous*, relays Machina. *She has the number already from your earlier incident.*

"Hello! Simona's phone!" says the girl who picks up the phone.

"Oh, hello," you say, surprised. "Is Simona busy?"

"I wouldn't quite put it that way, Clarisse," says the girl. There is a click in the background, a door closing, perhaps.

You rack your memories for the voice.

"Is this Ophelia?" you ask.

"Yes, love," she replies, pleasantly. "How is Japan? Are you having a nice time? Are the cherry-blossoms in bloom?"

"We're, ah, settling in," you say. "There's been a little bit more excitement than I'd planned, though."

"Oh, I can just imagine!" says the girl on the phone. "Never a dull moment with you two."

"Is Simona well?" you ask. "Did she receive Ryouko's letter?"

"Afraid I haven't heard of such a thing, love," she says.

"Maybe it's not there yet," you consider. This is early twenty-first century logistics; even if it was delivered, it might be delayed in some mailroom somewhere...

"Well, what I'd really like for you to tell me about," says Ophelia, "is the feather."

You take a moment to be grateful that the noise you just made was not transmitted over the call.

"Did you have a *particular* feather in mind?" you ask her.

"Well, I don't know, love," remarks Ophelia, half-stifling a giggle. "Did you send *more than one?"*

Oh, goddess, of *course* one of them would end up there...

"To your earlier question," says Ophelia, gaily, "Simona was up all night crying, and I am loath to disturb her slumber. But perhaps if you tell me a story about how it wasn't \*actually \*your doing after all, and explain *precisely* what you intend to do with her dear, sweet, broken heart, I might just refrain from adding your numbers to her blocked callers list?" she offers. "I mean, I've heard of more outlandishly implausible things, I'm sure."

***

\> Don't worry! People aren't good at using feathers, so it's probably worth much less than 3% of a galaxy in practice.

\[ ]\[Simona] (write in an explanation to give Ophelia)

\[ ]\[Simona] Call back later when Simona's awake
(you *can* just use another number, if it comes to that)

\[ ]\[Simona] Arrange a visit to retrieve the feather
\- \[] (write in logistics)
