# quote, cuddle puddle, un-quote

*This updoot brought to you by a return to Plumb Beach, and a surprisingly bad sunburn.*

\> Explain: Our actions led to this, no lying about that. We definitely didn't intend Simona to receive a feather, and while it was a risk in what we did, we were under pressures that forced action before we could consider such risks. That said, it *is* our bad, and we're happy to try to help Simona in what ways we can.

"How is it 'accidental?'" Ophelia wants to know. "Precisely how did it *accidentally* get here, while you are purportedly in a different hemisphere?"

"That's a bit of a long story", you say. "I am more than willing to take it off your hands."

"Oh, certainly!" she says. "That would be quite lovely. Pray tell, how do you intend to do such a thing?"

\> If she wants to be rid of the feather, we might be able to use long distance teleportation to take it off her hands.

The girl on the other end of the line laughs, and you're not quite sure how to take it.

"Ophelia?" you ask.

"Yes, let's go ahead and teleport," says Ophelia. "I haven't seen that *particular* trick, but I'm confident it will be quite spectacular, as always."

You're confident that you can do this. You have a promise to work with. It's not yours exactly, but the Princess promised to help Simona, and you can help her with that. As for finding the soul… well, you have all these feathers, right here, with you. You can talk to them.

*Simona?* you try, hesitantly. *There's part of you missing on the other side of the world. I'd like to go find it.*

They give you an idea of how to use the magic. It's strange, talking to souls directly, when they're not your own or Ryouko's; all their explanations feel strangely indirect, and poetic.

Nevertheless, they give you an idea of how they work. Somewhere out there is a part of Simona. It's with Ophelia, and The object of her attention. She is probably holding it. You are talking to her on the phone, about it, so even if you're not good at this, there is a thread of conversation you can follow it, locate her.

Now… if you're going to open a wormhole, it might be nice if it's not in plain view of everyone.

Simona's magic, fortunately, can look for a place nearby, and finds a small area which seems to be adjacent and safe. Instead of having a spherical wormhole, you can flatten it into a disk, place it just behind a door, make it a little more convenient. You open the connection from your bedroom closet.

***

Your wormhole takes you to a maintenance closet, which opens onto the roof of a brick building — a small, flat area, tucked in between two wings of the building which are are one story taller. It overlooks a small quadrangle, surrounded by trees and other brick buildings. The morning sunlight filters through the leaves.

You're confident that you've never been here before. You remind yourself of this. At the same time, there is a hell of a sense of deja vu.

Ophelia is here, holding a very large feather, one which is still dark black all the way to the edge. Her eyes are wide open.

"Oh, my, gosh," she says.

Ophelia's not a magical girl. You check to make sure, but there's no ring on her finger, no mark on her fingernail. She hasn't made a contract. She probably hasn't even seen magic before. She just knew that the feather made Simona miserable, and she probably got the space princess idea from some rumor or in-joke on campus.

Or from Kyuubey.

Kyuubey might actually have known about Ryouko, especially if you two (or your two alternates) had been here a while. There's surely an incubator who collected grief seeds in the area, whether or not it's Kyuubey himself. There's really no telling how long Kyuubey has known about it, and how long he's been playing dumb to test you.

But speaking of Kyuubey… you do need to warn Ophelia about him.

"Yes, it's magic," you admit.

"Oh my actual gosh," says the girl. "It all makes sense now."

"I suppose it must explain many things," you admit. "You will keep it all a secret, though? For your own sake, as well as mine, and Simona's. There are those who would take advantage of her — and of you."

"Like Ryouko?" asks the girl.

\> Warn Ophelia to be on the lookout for more feathers

"Well," you say. "There's a small white creature who takes a great interest in these feathers. He may offer you magic powers and wishes. Don't trust him; he'll do bad things to your soul, and you will probably have a very short life that ends in despair. And if he gets the feather, then he might to bad things to Simona as well. It's best that he doesn't hear about these things at all."

"Okay," says the girl, seeming a little bit flustered, but trying to keep it under control. "Let's say I believe all that. Magic feather can do bad things to Simona."

You nod. "Yes, okay?"

She looks at you intently. "What are you going to do with it, then?"

"… I don't quite know," you admit. "I intend to keep it safe, for the time being. I'm working on something more long term, to heal it. It's —" you hesitate, reasoning out precisely how much to let her know.

\> If probed on the nature of the feathers, explain they are a persons grief and they are attracted to people that person had a connection to

"It's made up of Simona's feelings. The worst feelings. Despair. I want to find a way to make it a thing of hope, instead, then return it to where it belongs." Not that you're quite sure where it belongs yet…

Ophelia sighs. "So what, you do this for all the girls who fall in love with Ryouko?"

"No," you say. "No, Simona is a special case."

Ophelia scowls, still uncertain.

"The feather," you ask her. "Tell me — did you see it with Simona first? Or did you find it first yourself, and Simona reacted to it afterward? As far as you can tell."

"It was in our room," says Ophelia. "There was an unseasonably cold breeze, right before I noticed it. Simona wasn't there."

\> Warn Ophelia to be on the lookout for more, there are 3 unaccounted for

"I see," you say, reflecting. "She must care about you. There are a few of these unaccounted for, and if you found one, you might find the others, too. Call me if that happens. You have my number, right? Put it on your phone, okay?"

Ophelia nods, looking a little overwhelmed.

\> Explain what we intend to do with her dear, sweet, broken heart

"Can you help take care of Simona?" you add. "She's vulnerable right now. Ryouko's written her a letter, which she'll probably get soon, and I hope it will do some good."

"Take care of her how?" asks Ophelia.

"You're there for her, as a friend, looking out for her," you say. "Keep doing that. Tell her we talked it over. She's in love with Ryouko, I know that. Now, Ryouko is in love with someone else, but she isn't going to push Simona away and scorn her friendship."

Ophelia stiffens.

"I am reminded of a recent incident," says Ophelia, "shortly before you two took your leave of this campus, in which half of the student body was invited to the auditorium at two o'clock in the morning. Now, I must confess, I was not among their numbers, nor do I wish to know exactly what everyone was doing in this, quote, cuddle puddle, un-quote. I merely bring this up to highlight the much-remarked fact that Simona was not in attendance. I wonder if she felt at all rejected."

Oh, goddess.

"I think perhaps Simona deserves a little better than an 'I don't know,' all she did for Ryouko," continues Ophelia. "If these are her feelings, they're important. You can't have them."

Ophelia's eyes gleam a golden color for just a moment, and she takes a hold of the feather by its shaft, like it's a weapon.

"Ophelia?" you ask.

She raises the feather, gazing at it curiously, then turns to look in the direction of your portal.

"I'll take them," she says, but somewhat vacantly, like she's not all there. "I can make things … better."

You would feel slightly less worried about this turn of events if she wasn't holding a shard of despair in her bare hands, or if it were slightly less absurdly powerful, but you can read the magic a little, and she doesn't seem to be *excessively* afflicted just yet.

***

\> duel her on the rooftops if you have to
\> but no turning Ryouko into a car

\[Roof]\[] Fight Ophelia over the feather
-\[] Take the feather from her
-\[] Bar her way and defend yourself, but don't aggress
-\[] Signal Ryouko for backup
-\[] (write in tactical doctrine)
\[Roof]\[] Try to bring Ophelia back by convincing her with words and hope
-\[] Request ongoing assistance and collaboration in finding a way to make things better
-\[] Ship Ophelia and Simona as a couple
-\[] Ask Ryouko for her assistance
-\[] (write in words and hope)
\[Roof]\[] Bypass Ophelia and talk to the feather directly
-\[] Command it to heed you, in the name of Star Princess Ryouko
-\[] Promise the feather Ryouko's favor
-\[] (write in words)
\[Roof]\[] Engage Ophelia with the healing power of dance
-\[] Share your personal struggles with being in love with Ryouko and letting her go
\[After]\[x] Proceed to sleepover with Hitomi
\[After]\[ ] Discover a new errand (write in)
