# I’ve seen the way he looks at you

\[2] Delay application of assurances, obtain diagnostic information: What exactly, in Hitomi's view, does it mean to be "special" to Papa?
\[2] Provide reassurances, then plot:
-\[2] Ask Hitomi if she wants to talk to Papa about the matter
-\[2] Encourage Papa to talk with Hitomi about Nadeshiko

You're a little uncertain, but "more information" is a safe bet.

You try to get Hitomi to explain what she means by all this in a little more detail, and begin to discuss some of the different kinds of love, in the abstract, to see if you can approach the matter from a common framework. This much goes well enough, but when you get to the matter of selflessness in love, she takes the topic itself as an implicit challenge to her current approach.

"I understand what you're saying," she says, misunderstanding. "I've thought about it a little as well. Older sisters are supposed to teach the younger ones, right? So, we could take dance lessons together, and it'd be like I'm helping to give him a present with you." She sighs. "Which is fine, but I like him a little selfishly too."

"How?" you ask.

"You know what I'm talking about," says Hitomi. "I've seen the way he looks at you, and I know exactly what it's like. I've seen the way you look back."

"That helps a lot," you say, "but I'm not quite sure it's exactly the same for us," you tell her, explaining how he makes you feel special and treasured.

"Yes," she agrees, "that's part of it."

"What else is there?" you ask.

"Just ... everything," she says.

This isn't quite enough.

You're worried about Nadeshiko, and Hitomi, and what she would think of Nadeshiko. There's a part of you which is increasingly uncomfortable about leaving that matter unresolved — but it would be most unfortunate if you tried to change things but Hitomi saw it as you destroying someone precious to her. Hitomi would have a harder time accepting it. Nadeshiko might have a harder time, for that matter.

"How is it different from, say, if your mother was looking at you like that?" you ask.

She shakes her head no, and makes a face.

"It's not the same at all," she says. "She does things differently. It's not her style."

"What if she were doing the same things, though?" you ask.

Hitomi takes her time trying to articulate something which she probably hasn't tried to put into words before.

"It just feels different," she concludes.

"Is part of it because he's a man?" you ask.

Hitomi blushes, and looks away slightly.

"Clarisse," says Hitomi, "some girls that like girls like boys too," she explains, "and plenty of girls are attracted to boys who remind them of their fathers. I'm just being ever so slightly more self-aware about it than usual." She pauses, realizing something. "You didn't mention courtly love," she says. "It's like that."

"No," you admit, "we don't use that term too much in the future..."

You're a little surprised to hear the term in the context of twenty-first century Japan, for that matter, but, well, you can see some of the graphic novels that she might have gotten it from, and you think you really do understand what she's getting at by bring it up. Unfortunately, this understanding doesn't come with easy answers.

***

**> Hitomi may have a bit of an Electra complex**

\[X]\[Jealousy] Provide reassurances to Hitomi, and plot:
-\[X]\[Jealousy] Ask Hitomi if she wants to talk to Papa about jealousy
\--\[X]\[Jealousy] Ask Hitomi if she would prefer if we spoke to Papa on her behalf

\[X]\[Nadeshiko] Encourage Papa to talk with Hitomi about Nadeshiko
-\[X]\[Nadeshiko] If that goes well, talk with Hitomi about the hairpin

Are there any particular measures or precautions we should be taking here?

\[ ]\[Sleepover] (write in bonding activity or shenanigans)
