# the whole school is just filled with people who had a connection to Ryouko

\[2]\[Nadeshiko] Encourage Papa to talk with Hitomi about Nadeshiko

You're not sure about moving on this yet. There's a lot of potential for conflict, and hurt feelings, and blame, and it will be a tricky problem to negotiate.

\[2]\[Jealousy] Provide reassurances to Hitomi, and see if you can get her to talk to Papa

This one ought to be a little bit easier.

***

"To be abundantly clear," you tell Hitomi, "I am not here to replace you, or deprive you of anyone's affections."

"We can talk to him about it?" you propose. "Or I could say something. It doesn't even necessarily have to be a big deal. 'Papa, don't forget about Hitomi, who loves you very dearly.'"

Hitomi considers that a little bit, and then giggles.

"Okay, okay," she says. "I guess I might be a little bit too serious about it."

"Even if you want to talk about it seriously, though," you say, "I think he'd understand a little jealousy. It's quite natural to feel something like that; the real question is what you do about it."

Hitomi considers that a moment, then nods.

"Thanks, Clarisse," she says.

***

**\[6]\[Sleepover] Ask Hitomi for help preparing for school.**

"What's wrong?" asks Hitomi.

You have been looking through school papers and are reading over some records from Salem, just in case any questions happen to come up.

"I recognize one of these names," you say.

"Aren't you supposed to recognize the names of your science teacher?" asks Hitomi, confused for a moment.

"I don't strictly understand how a P. Kaneko … \*exists \*in this universe," you say. "It's modestly concerning."

"Oh," she says. "I see what you mean."

"I am beginning to suspect that the whole school is just filled with people who had a connection to Ryouko in a different universe," you speculate.

Hitomi isn't sure what this actually means in practice.

"It means that place could be a bad influence," you conclude, "and aside from that, I am putting the matter aside for the next few minutes, to focus on \*this \*school, and the future."

Hitomi nods.

"What kind of a first impression are you hoping to make?" asks Hitomi. "Perhaps something a little less dramatic than the last one," she adds.

You nod. "That's a bit of a low bar," you admit.

"More specifically," she asks, "were you going to keep the pink streak in your hair? I don't think it's against the rules, but, well. it's a little on the bold side..."

You consider that for a moment, but are interrupted.

"Hold on," you tell Hitomi. Ryouko is trying to get your attention, and you do your best to project a presence there remotely, over her implants.

***

Ryouko and Homura believe they are close to locating a witch, and a fairly powerful one at that. However, there's a slight problem.

"We're definitely being followed," says Homura.

"I've told Clarisse and Nanami," says Ryouko.

*Are you quite sure? *asks Nanami, joining over the radio link from Oriko's place.* There wasn't anyone the last time.*

Amy sends agreement. She is tracking the subject.

\*So lose him, \*proposes Nanami.

\*We did lose him, \*says Ryouko. *He changed direction, and found us again.*

Amy gets a better look.

It's that scruffy-looking high schooler you saw outside the library, the one you saw with Nanami's neighbor in the park.

\*I'm going to try one more time, \*says Ryouko, and teleports a short distance, back to where she had departed from before.

The boy continues walking for a little while, but then seems to notice something, turns his head, and stops short.

"What? Seriously?" he objects, talking to someone you can't see.

\*Who is he talking to? \*asks Nanami.

Amy has been moving to look for a better view, but if there was someone there, she can't see them.

"Okay, fine," concludes the interloper, shrugging, and changes course, back towards Ryouko.

\*Now that's a little creepy, \*says Nanami. \*Any idea what that's about?

It could be something magic that Amy can't see, \*proposes Ryouko. \*A witch, or a familiar?

Then how can he see it? \*asks Nanami.

*Maybe because he's the victim*, proposes Ryouko.

Nanami isn't quite sure that makes sense.

*Any ideas here, Clarisse?* she asks.

***

**> While I have you here, you should consider how to approach school! Write in as much as you like.**

\[School] \[ ] Try for a "normal, boring student" impression, downplaying your time abroad
\[School] \[ ] You are in a fancy family, and you should do your best to own it
\[School] \[ ] You're not afraid of being a bit of a rebel, and mysterious/cool
\[School] \[ ] You are a \*total nerd \*and are going to own it.

**> I suppose you should do something about your girl being followed, too**

\[Interloper] \[ ] Face down the interloper
-\[] Intercept him yourself, while Ryouko and Homura follow the witch
-\[] Teleport (write in) to follow the witch and let Ryouko and Homura face him
\[Interloper] \[ ] Continue to hunt the witch; let the interloper follow if he wants
\[Interloper] \[ ] Take more serious measures in order to lose this jerk
