# charms for warding off charms

**> Face down the interloper**
\>> Intercept him yourself, while Ryouko and Homura follow the witch
\>>> Inform Kyouko and Kirika of the situation and pick them up on the way to Ryouko.

You make your apologies to Hitomi, and tell her you'll be back once the situation is resolved. Kyouko has a funny smile when she sees you.
You leave Kirika and Kyouko a short distance away.

\>> Demand to know why he's following those two (don't mention their names)

The interloper looks you up and down a couple of times, and this is when you realize that you are in pajamas. This is probably why Kyouko was amused.

"I could ask the same of you, little girl," he says.

"I'm here to ask you questions," you tell him, truthfully enough. "Why are you following the other two?"

"Oh, are there two more?" he asks. "Interesting."

He fiddles with his phone a moment before putting it away.

"Little girls should be careful late at night," he opines, changing the subject. "You never know. There could be vampires lurking in the shadows."

"... Vampires." You repeat, incredulously.

"Yes, miss, vampires!" he says, with a chuckle. "To answer your question, that's why I'm out here. I'm a vampire hunter."

He poses, tilting his head over-dramatically.

\>> Do your best to check for a witch's kiss when you confront him.

You inspect his neck carefully. There doesn't seem to be any witch's kiss there. You're also not sure what to make of things yet. He seems pleased with himself. Your first impression is that he is knowingly feeding you a pack of lies, and your second is that he is telling you the plain truth, but cleverly disguised as a pack of lies. It's hard to tell which.

"Tell me about these vampires," you suggest.

"What's to tell?" he asks, with a shrug.

"What is a vampire?" you ask.

"Oh, you know," he says. "A creature of the night." He says that last bit in English, perhaps to be dramatic again.

"Should I be worried about vampires right now?" you ask.

"Oh, no, don't worry," he says. "The situation is under control for the time being. The master vampire hunter is hard at work… Ah! But let me give this to you."

He extracts an object from his pocket and attempts to hand it to you.

"A good luck charm, to ward off vampires," he explains.

It appears to be a completely ordinary white marble, but you decline to take it, and step away.

"Oh my," he says. "The young lady is skeptical of charms." He grins. "Good, good."

"I have serious doubt that it protects one from vampires, if that's what you mean," you tell him.

"Of course," he says. "Charms aren't always what they seem. You can't be too careful." He considers a moment. "All right, young miss, I'll tell the truth. This charm is nothing but an ordinary, harmless white marble. It is not special in any way. It does absolutely nothing. You could buy them at the convenience store."

He takes a small cloth bag out of his pocket. A price tag is still attached; marbles, 275 yen.

"A bargain," you say, drily.

"Indeed! Here, take a few more," he offers, with a smile.

"Your insistence is curious," you tell him.

"Oh, well, in that case," he says, "you could pick some up at the store yourself, if you'd like. I'm only offering them to save you the effort."

"I'm still not sure why I would need any of them, to begin with," you reply.

"Ah!" he exclaims. "I thought you might want to give them to your friends, at school."

"Why would I do that?" you ask.

"To save your friends the trouble," he says.

"I have no reason to expect my friends are in need of marbles," you say.

"Ah, but perhaps your friends will be in need of charms," he suggests.

"You have indicated to me these are not functional as charms," you point out, annoyed.

"Oh, they're perfectly good charms," he says. "They're just not charms for warding off vampires."

You cross your arms, and frown.

"They're charms for warding off charms," he declares.

After a moment of you silently glaring at him, he explains further.

"Consider, young miss. Some of your schoolmates might decide they need charms to protect themselves. It would be a pity for them to waste it on something that doesn't do anything."

"Is that really a substantial risk?" you ask, skeptical. But then, you remind yourself, these are more superstitious times.

"You know how fads go," he says with a shrug. "Maybe you should ask them! I'm afraid I'm an unreliable source. Part of the older generation. Dangerously square."

"Square?"

"Out of touch. I'm an old man, yelling at all the kids. Get off my lawn, whippersnappers. No one tells me when there's a new trend anymore."

You mull over what he's said, considering.

"But since you ask," he says, hearkening back once again to your question, "I suppose I wouldn't call it a substantial risk, if your friends happen to purchase a charm that ends up doing nothing," he says.

"What would you call it, then?" you ask.

"A best case scenario."

You frown, because you don't like where this is going.

"Where would one go to get a charm that actually does something?" you want to know.

"Now that's a very good question," he says. "I'm trying to find the answer myself, you see. I don't suppose you have any ideas?"

You shake your head no.

"Well then," he says. "I shall leave you in peace, young lady."

He stuffs the marbles back into a pocket.

"Wait," you say. "What were you doing with your phone earlier?"

He cranes his neck back at you even more dramatically than before.

"Trying to see if you showed up on camera," he says.

***

"What a weirdo," says Kyouko.

"I don't like him," you opine. "I don't like him at all."

The five of you have convened at the entrance to the witch's labyrinth, nearby. The witch has nestled itself in a nook near the entrance to an industrial plant, and seems to be keeping still.

Machina sends an analysis.

*He's on to ... something, *she indicates.* He knows, let's say at best maybe five percent of what that something is. We don't know what that is at all. But he doesn't know about magical girls in general, and he doesn't know about us in specific, so he won't share it openly. Some of this is just caution and distrust, but he's also making a game of the conversation, working to place himself in a place of power, or superior knowledge. You surprised him by not being as stupid as he seemed to expect, and he was quite pleased that he was still able to "win" the encounter.*

Indeed. That's a big part of why you didn't like him.

\*And the vampire story? \*you ask.

*I've never heard of such a thing,* she sends.

Kyouko hasn't heard of anything like that either, but an idea occurs to you.

"Homura," you ask, "have you heard anything at school about vampires?"

"Vampires?" she asks, with just a little surprise. "Oh. Actually..."

Of course Homura is the one who has a charm against vampires with her. She reads horoscopes and dabbles in other fortune-telling. You're slightly annoyed with yourself for not have asked her sooner, but that's not quite fair. You're also annoyed because this really ought to have turned out to be nothing, and that is also not quite fair.

The charm, in any event, is a small white bead, very much like the marbles in appearance, but has a hole in it, and is on a cheap bit of string.

"Where did you get this?" you ask her.

"A girl at school gave it to me," says Homura.

"Who was it?" asks Ryouko.

"I'm afraid I don't remember," says Homura.

Kyouko sighs, aloud.

"I've never been very good with names," apologizes Homura. "It's actually been a source of social anxiety for me."

"We'll have a chance to investigate either way," notes Ryouko.

**> \[School] Be the slightly overly protective sister of Ryouko who tries to be normal but is a bit too highly influenced by 'America'**
Looking into this is going to be tricky. You'll have to walk a fine line, or you'll be the older sister who's a bit of a wierdo, which isn't quite what you're going for. Maybe the others could be your agents.

"Investigate?" asks Kirika. "It's just a stupid piece of glass."

Homura shakes her head.

"That's the thing," she says. "I could still feel a little magic on it, when I got it. Not a strong magic, but definitely there. That's why I kept it. I'm sorry, I ought to have brought it to your attention much sooner, but I'd forgotten, with so much else happening that morning."

You suppose you can't blame her for that one.

"Why wouldn't it have magic anymore?" you wonder.

"I think it was near your feather, earlier," offers Homura. "That might have scrambled it."

"Damn," says Kyouko. "Can't trace it by magic, then."

"We could trace whatever underlying gossip is involved?" proposes Ryouko. "Ask around at school."

You agree. "I'll consult with Nanami, and see if she can find anything online," you offer.

Nanami has some ideas about where to look, but this is actually much more annoying than you expected. Search latencies are running into the seconds, and you are hesitant to use multiple sessions, for fear of being blacklisted as a potential attacker.

After a short while, you find... not quite what you were looking for, but something else.

*That's less than ideal,* opines Machina.

You furrow your brow, agreeing.

"What is it?" asks Homura.

You pause, and look at Kirika and Homura. It's probably best to keep this quiet, but you can't contact those two with technology, and you're still not able to do telepathy on your own.

*Here,* says Ryouko, dutifully. \*I'll be a relay.

Some people saw bright lights in the sky over Mitakihara, *you tell the others, through Ryouko.* There were a few different sightings, and they all match up with where someone was earlier. They are presumably a result of magic related to the feathers I distributed earlier.

Maybe the invisible girl from earlier could be looking for the feathers?\* suggests Ryouko.

\*Assuming it is a magical girl at all, *adds Machina, again through Ryouko.* That isn't established.

Why would a magical girl be after us? *Nanami wonders*. Okay, so there's some lights in the sky, and some easily detectable magic, but why does that mean someone takes immediate action to come here, follow, and stalk us?

I don't know anything about nothing,\* interjects Kirika, defensively.

\*What the hell does that mean? \*asks Kyouko, alarmed.

Kiraka crosses her arms and leans against a wall. \*That depends on what you're accusing us of, doesn't it?

Calm down,\* interjects Machina\*. We're not accusing Oriko of anything. Not yet, anyway.

Maybe she's a magical girl and Kyuubey sent her to get the feathers from us, \*offers Ryouko, trying to defuse the tension with a distraction. *He would have both the means, and a motive.*

The distraction does help.

\*Okay, but then why is she leading around some random stranger? \*Nanami wants to know. *And why does he follow?*

No one has a great answer for that.

*Maybe Kyuubey didn't send her, *suggests Ryouko,* and she was trying to be helpful, somehow, by bringing him to us.*

Kyouko is skeptical. *Doesn't seem like a super great way to be helpful.*

Nanami notes that this still raises the same questions. \*Either way, I just don't like it, \*she concludes.

*I don't like this labyrinth*, offers Homura, suddenly.

*What's wrong?* Ryouko asks.

\*It just gives me a bad feeling, \*she says. \*I can't quite place why.

A magical bad feeling, or just regular?\* asks Nanami.

*I don't think it's magic, *concludes Homura after a moment's consideration.* Just a feeling.*

Kirika interjects. *I have the feeling we're being watched.*

An uneasy moment follows as the others try to figure out whether they feel the same way.

\*We've been talking a lot about invisible stalkers, *notes Kyouko.* We might all be a little paranoid.

I'll take a look at the labyrinth, *says Ryouko.* Carefully. \*She peers through the portal and takes in the view of the far side.

*It's like... trees,* she reports, sending imagery to those of you who can receive it. \*A forest of colorful trees. \*The trees are quite large, and the roots, exposed, all spread out throughout the space in rainbow tangles underfoot.

***

**> Tactical decisions time!**

Because allocation of forces affects how you prosecute the labyrinth and any potential search, please vote with a single named plan for facing your situation in the \[Plan] block. Other general directives are welcome in the \[Misc] block.

\[Tactics]\[] (write in a tactical plan name)
-\[] Conquer the labyrinth
\-- \[] (write in party to send)
-\[] Sweep the area for the invisible entity
\-- \[] (write in party to send)
-\[] Follow after the interloper
-\[] Leave invisible entities (if any) alone
-\[] Leave the witch alone

\[Misc]\[] (write in)
