# I propose that someone wants us dead.

**> Split the team**
**> Magical girls most comfortable with / interested in witches fight the witch**

You send Ryouko with Kirika and Homura. Kirika for melee, Kyouko has better tech for track. Ryouko for mobility, and her ranged attacks. Homura for timestop, more valuable in combat, your trump card that can keep everyone safe.

... Right?

*We've seen that one before,* notes Ryouko, surveying the familiar population. (She tactfully leaves out the fact that Kyouko was barking at it.) There are also several types of freaky-bird inhabiting the trees, of varying sizes. They pay Ryouko no particular heed.

**> Track the invisible interloper if possible
\> Follow the visible interloper otherwise**

You send Amy to follow Mr. Vampire Hunter, in case the two join up again, while you focus the rest of the girls on locating whoever, or whatever, had his attention earlier, taking a more distributed approach in an effort to better triangulate signals. After a while it is clear that there is someone, or *something*, which is emitting a mild but just-detectable electromagnetic signal, a spread spectrum signal emission, that doesn't line up with the rest of the traffic you've come to expect. It takes several of you with technology to lock onto it with any effectiveness, and Machina is a great help. She credits Mami-chan with an instinct for where someone hiding around these parts *ought to be*. It seems she's been through warehouses and factories in the area before.

\> Try to look for a soul using magic

Can you track it as a soul? A good question.

Soul space is weird, and you do not understand the projection with which it is mapped onto your awareness to begin with. If you try focusing on where you think it this soul-bearing entity would be, it modifies that projection, warping your view in confusing ways, distorting your references to reality and your view of the other souls... while failing to manifest anything new. It is viscerally disconcerting.

Instead you do your best to close in on whatever it is, but … well, it seems to be on to you, as it's getting harder to hear. It's hard to say whether it's engaged radio silence and is lying low, or whether it has simply given you the slip. You are taking a moment to work on better signal attenuation estimates to improve your last location estimate, when Ryouko calls.

***Clarisse!***

***

**> Support witch team if necessary using Ryouko as a proxy**

You do your best to catch up quickly.

What Ryouko probably means by "*Clarisse*" is, "Things are heating up. I think we're about to need tactical advice. Also, can you still do that from there if we're timestopped?" That's what the models indicate, anyway. She is looking at Homura, specifically her shield, and the group appears to have reached the witch: a burning tree in a cauldron on a fire in a clearing, surrounded by more of the dense trees. The familiars are starting to harass the crew in greater numbers. Kirika is happy enough about this, but her approach could use a little refinement.

And while you are confident in your assessment of Ryouko's true query, you don't have a direct reading on Ryouko, which is one of the problems in this particular configuration. She is used to a very direct link where she does not need to say things like that explicitly, and without that, your assessment of the situation will be degraded, your suggestions late, and, of course, you will have no ability to reach her in time stop.

You should be there help her out. You could teleport nearby, but that has its own risks. The familiars are no longer peaceful, and you might find yourself drawn into the labyrinth.

I have an idea, Clarisse. You could use the ribbon.

Yes, like that.

You throw yourself at your other self, the one inside Ryouko.

There's a certain exhilaration about being part of Ryouko while she battles. Her enjoyment of the fight is a part of it, but there's something else in her strength and her speed, her heightened alertness. Yes. You've missed this feeling of speed and of power.

And, of course, you can share the stream of consciousness so much more directly. You don't need to even explicitly tell Ryouko, "I am here". You can project the sense of \*here-\*ness for her to act upon directly, and preliminary advice.

"Time-stop at will," she tells Homura.

Homura nods, and activates her shield.

It doesn't work. Or rather, it *works*, but the vines and the roots of the trees are alive. The whole labyrinth seems to be either … alive, or empty space.

You are alarmed.

Is there anywhere safe to stand? You try, and fail, to identify a stable platform to stand on that isn't alive. Or is there some way to fight it in the air? It could be safer, but your ability to make it happen is limited. Ryouko could teleport, of course, but would have to deal with gravity, so not even better than jumping. And what of Homura and Kirika?

A ridiculous idea occurs to you of Homura riding on Ryouko's back as she leaps around, touching the vines for the shortest time possible, using crossbow bolts to dislodge portions via teleport and dismissing them as quickly as possible. But what about Kirika? Just leave her frozen in midair? No, that's not safe, she'd be more of a target than on the ground …

You have the wrong team for this witch. Even Kirika's sharp claws are less useful here just from the give of the material, and she's not even trying to be a team player. Damn.

You know what would be nice right now? A barrier generator, so you could have a safe spot between teleport runs, and fend off dive-bombing freaky-birds.

Hey, speaking of Kirika, what the hell is she doing there? Climbing the tree?

"This is no good," Ryouko says. "Homura, turn it off. Kirika?" She calls out. "What's your plan?"

Kirika has made it to the edge of a giant nest which sits in the trees' branches. She vaults the edge, and smashes one of the eggs inside, almost as big as she is, with a big grin.

Of course this just makes the witch *mad*.

At this point you would almost prefer to just leave Kirika to the witch. It would be so much easier. But you can't quite bring yourself to entertain this idea seriously. You suppose Governance really didn't want you wasting their precious magical girls… and Ryouko wouldn't be on board it either. She's not that *cold*, praise the goddess, even if it would be convenient.

So the two of you will work together to save them both. The witch at the center is very nasty, sending out dark vines, spiked with thorns and dripping with a nasty substance. They *grow* at her targets with a speed like they're being shot out a cannon.

And that is a *very* large freaky-bird that has just swooped over to grab Homura.

You need to get these two out of here, fast.

***

Homura, Kirika, Ryouko (and you) all tumble onto the asphalt pavement outside the labyrinth.

There is still a chunk of the nasty thorn vines on Ryouko, the dripping substance making its way into Ryouko's left arm through small gashes opened by the thorns. It has also caught fire, and is somehow trying to use Ryouko's arm as fuel, both for the fire and, it appears, for re growth. The readouts are all very alarming, and becoming more so as something infiltrates further up Ryouko's arm. She can sense it as a magic infiltration. It is nasty.

This is also alarming. Ryouko has decided to use her teleport attack on herself and just chop it off, to stop the spread. The good news is that Governance tech will permit an orderly shutdown of the major arteries. Deprived of fuel, the flame burns out, and the vine melts into shadowy goop that boils away.

Homura's glasses are broken, her pigtails are a mess, and there is an indentation on her leg from the bird squeezing her.

Kirika is mostly intact. She looks over at the two of you.

"Wimps," she concludes.

Ryouko rolls her eyes.

"This isn't an ordinary witch," says Homura — not to Kirika, just matter-of-factly — as she peels a dead bit of thorn-vine off of her leg. It does not appear to have been draining her like the other, and turns into a black goo, which boils away on the ground.

"Consider," continues Homura. "The last set of witches have all been battling demon infestations internally. This one was not. Instead, it was configured in such a way as to deprive us of all our tactical mobility advantages. In short, a very good trap, targeting — I would not say the three of us specifically, but targeting our team, generally. I propose that someone wants us dead. Our stalker?" she suggests. "Or the Incubator?"

"The what?" asks Kirika.

"Kyuubey," says Homura.

\*If it's Kyuubey that would be … unfortunate, \*you note. *We're very lucky we didn't lose someone.*

While Homura begins healing herself, and fixing the tatters in her school uniform, Ryouko picks up her severed arm and inspects it. It's rather blackened. You contemplate remedies. This is not your usual first aid case… and she is supposed to do school tomorrow.

In a moment, some the others arrive, unbidden, Kyouko carrying — well, that's not really Clarisse right now, is it?

Kyouko is carrying not-Clarisse princess style, which is simultaneously very romantic and slightly distressing. Yuma is following.

You are a little annoyed that they are here. You're welcome to see Yuma, but you'd have preferred them to chase down the interloper.

"Here ya go, Clarisse," says Kyouko, setting down the lavender Ryouko clone with a streak of pink in her hair.

… right. The Clarisse impersonator, from the current traffic patterns, appears to have access to all your credentials and secrets. This is good to know. You would feel slightly better if she were Volokhov certified. Presumably she asked for them to come.

Sakura-Clarisse makes a little "eep" sound as she lands. When she gets a better look at Ryouko, though, she covers her mouth in alarm.

"Oh, no," she says. "Clarisse, are you okay?"

Kyouko makes a bit of face. "Wait, what?"

"Clarisse is fine," says Ryouko.

You relay a quick explanation to Kyouko.

Yuma approaches deliberately and examines Ryouko's severed arm.

"That's pretty bad," she says earnestly. "Its better than not having an arm at all. But it's still not good."

"Damn," says Homura, suddenly.

"What's wrong?" asks Kyouko, turning to look. Homura seems to have been restoring her gem with grief cubes, but…

"They're not working," she says.

Oh goddess, if you'd all been caught in that mess and then in the middle *the cubes had stopped working*…

***

It doesn't take long to figure out that the problem is the same thing that scrambled Homura's little charm from before. A brilliant beam of pure Hope very well could do that to grief cubes, too, especially if it's stored with them.

The question, then, is what exactly to do.

"Okay … who's got grief cubes," says Kyouko, frowning, "and wasn't carrying one of the feathers? Mami, Oriko, Kirika, Yuma…"

Kirika bristles.

"I thought we were teaming up because you had so many cubes," she says. "Now you don't and you want to steal all of ours?"

"Whoa, geez, calm down, girl," says Kyouko. "It ain't like that."

"Don't waste your magic, Yuma," commands Kirika, crossing her arms. "They're just trying to exploit you."

"But … she's hurt," says Yuma.

About this moment, Machina checks in. Mami has just picked up the trail of your target. It seems to escaped you surrounding it by going down into a storm drain, but it lingered nearby, and she has found it in the canal. If the canal didn't run underground, she'd be much more confident about giving chase.

***

**> an assassination attempt? by the incubators? perish the thought!**

\[Healing]\[] Ask Yuma to heal Ryouko's arm
\[Healing]\[] (write in alternative)

\[Pursuit]\[] Leave Mami to the pursuit all alone
\[Pursuit]\[] (write in alternative)

\[Witch]\[] Let the witch go
\[Witch]\[] Send the whole team to fight the witch for its grief seed
\[Witch]\[] Fight this witch yourself personally
\[Witch]\[] Fight this witch with a specific team or tactic
-\[] Flight! Barrier generator!
-\[] Tap the Simona feathers for power
