# Clarisse, the abomination

\[Nanami] Develop a terrestrial-focused monitoring strategy to track interlopers

"Our problem," relays Nanami, "is that we have to track with just a few magical girls. If we want to track signals like that, we need antenna coverage everywhere. Fortunately, there are quite a few antennas already deployed, primarily on the cellular network. The frequency range is a little limited, but it's a good start and should work with what we just saw. And… I think we can kill two birds with one stone."

She details a plan to piggyback on the cellular network to track signals like the one you experienced. It does involve a little unauthorized intrusion, but she should be able to route all the command traffic over untraceable links. The bonus is that you will have real-time location data on the aggregate population movements of Mitakihara, for grief forecasts.

The others seem to agree that this is the right direction, for the sake of the grief supplies.

\[Sakura feather] Put Sakura inside Clarisse again
\- Depending what Sakura says about the cards, would it be worth putting the Simona feathers in cards?

Sakura informs you this won't work at all. *They're way too small*, she objects. *I don't think they could hold a soul for more than a couple of hours.*

This seems to be less a property of the size of the object, and more the structure that holds them in place. It seems intended for much smaller amounts of magic, a single charge of something. Perhaps you could devise something more capacious, if you had to.

Sakura's other opinion is that souls aren't really meant to be things. They aren't meant to be cards, or hairpins, they're meant to be people, first and foremost, and if that is going to be taken from them, well, she feels they should at least be free to be a wish. There's something in that concept of being a wish which is inaccessible to you, an intoxicating exhilaration like flying out to all the stars. Sakura's emotions about the topic are leaking into your own experience.

And, finally, the souls would be lonely — and now, through Sakura, you recall the sadness of waiting, all alone, for a long, long time, for something very important. You waited for Clarisse, so she could save everyone. You were a hairpin. And now you're a Clarisse, and Clarisse is you, which is a tremendous relief, if a little bit confusing of a thing to feel about yourself.

\[Kyouko] Keep an eye on Oriko tomorrow
\- Thank her for carrying one of your bodies back to Ryouko; that was sweet of her

Kyouko blushes at this.

"Yeah, well, it mighta been a little sweeter if it was actually you," she suggests.

"Oh. Maybe you can carry me like a princess some other time," you suggest.

She chuckles. "It's a date."

\[Witch] Send someone to throw used grief cubes into the witch and leave it for a while
\[Simona] Collect Simona feathers centrally away from grief seeds and cubes
\[Oriko] Ask her for good witch hunting plans

You combine errands, gathering up the feathers from those present before heading to Oriko's to collect the remaining feathers from Nanami. Yuma and Kirika are getting ready for bed. Oriko's house arrest appears to have continued uneventfully. About to die of boredom, relays Nanami, thankful for your exploits as a distraction.

Nanami waits in the next room — lest Oriko attempt some gambit to snatch back her gem — while you explain your goals for the vision: you would like to produce grief items, make contact with other girls, and introduce yourself, while minimizing up-front grief expenditures.

***

\[Ryouko] Lead a witch hunt in a closer neighboring town
\- Spread cubes
\- Introduce girls you meet to your group and its goals

It's Monday evening, and the sun is setting. Ryouko is watching her position on a map. She's some distance away, in another town, and she's carrying a small cargo of fully charged grief cubes. The mission profile shows her intercepting a witch, then proceeding to return via train.

She stops short. Someone else is here, a magical girl. She's on the rooftop, looking down at Ryouko.

"Is this her?" asks the girl, and a moment later, an incubator pops up next to her.

The girl is themed with a light blue and grey outfit, with grey hair and a quarterstaff topped with butterflies on either end.

"This one is Shizuki Ryouko," says Kyuubey.

Ryouko looks at the incubator skeptically, then turns to address the girl.

"Yes, thank you for the introduction, Kyuubey," she begins.

"Shizumi Konoha," says the girl.

Ryouko nods. "I am pleased to make your acquaintance."

"You are trespassing here," says Shizumi-san.

"I am quite sorry," says Ryouko, apologetically. "I didn't fight any of your witches, though. I don't mean any harm."

Shizumi-san seems unimpressed.

"If you don't mind," entreats Ryouko, "I'd like to talk with you about an important matter that affects all magical girls."

"I wouldn't advise it," says Kyuubey. "Ryouko is not what she seems. While in appearance she is an ordinary girl, in truth, she is a genetically engineered cyborg. She has more synthetic and alien genes than she has human ones."

Ryouko objects. "I'm not ... that's ... a very misleading way to put it!"

"Ryouko is a princess," adds Kyuubey, "or she was, before she was deposed. Her servant, Clarisse, the abomination, draws upon ancient, sealed, forbidden powers, and the dark magic of the greatest of witches, Walpurgisnacht. Make no mistake! If those two are left unchecked, they will destroy all magical girls. Their signal has no doubt already reached the alien insurgency."

Ryouko's mouth hangs open in surprise.

"I see," says Konoha, and turns to make her exit.

"That's *very not true*," begins Ryouko — but it is too late.

She scowls at Kyuubey, who remains in place. "I just wanted to talk to her," she says.

"I expect that she will return shortly," says the Incubator. "She has likely gone to get her friends." (Atk Up 20%, Critical Chance Up 25%)

***

You attempt to process Kyuubey's statements.

It's hard to know exactly what information has leaked to Kyuubey, and by which channels. For all you know, he's been aware of a Princess Ryouko since before you arrived in this timeline. It is clever of him to lump together alien genes and purely synthetic ones and then compare them by count instead of by impact. But this is mostly spin. As for the destruction of magical girls, well... maybe you *will* end magic as everyone knows it. You do have quite serious concerns. You're not quite sure what he means about drawing on the various powers, though you don't quite trust the phrasing.

No, the real interesting part was what he said about aliens. You're in the past, and the world is different. The ceph are in the past too. Their society could be different. Kyuubey identified an insurgency, and … you're not entirely sure, but he seemed to imply you'd be allies. And to be sure, this could be more bluster, and yet…

You recall Wakaba. \*If aliens have magical girls, then maybe they're like Clarisse, \*she suggested.

Like Clarisse ... "the abomination."

Huh.

***

"I don't think Kyuubey likes you," says Oriko, interrupting.

"Why, I wonder whatever gave anyone that idea?" you say.

"Hunting nearby is a terrible way to meet people," says Oriko. "Everyone will assume the worst. Kyuubey just needs to give them a nudge."

"What do you propose, then?" you ask.

"Find a witch. Infect it with demons. Guard it carefully from interference and let it eat whoever it wants. When it's almost gone, the labyrinth ruptures, and the demons will spread. Witches will vacuum up demons, and if you kill the witch too soon, the miasma won't survive the collapse. It's the incubators' containment plan for them."

"Is that the approach the others are taking overseas?" you ask.

She nods.

You frown.

"What happens to the civilians in all this?" you ask.

Oriko shrugs. "The witches are desperate, and much more lively than usual. They'll expend extra energy to kill people. There will be accidents, disasters, random acts of violence and terror." She sighs. "You hunted the witches too soon, didn't you?" she asks. "Easy mistake. Will you fix it, now, knowing what it will cost?"

"How many casualties do you estimate?" you ask her.

"To establish a self-sustaining demon colony in Mitakihara? Perhaps a thousand," she suggests. "I'm not sure. I suppose you were hoping to avoid the death of innocents?"

"That would be slightly preferred, yes," you say.

"Tch," she says. "Well, you saw the witch list in your vision. Maybe that'll be enough grief to do everything you want."

Her tone is as contemptuous and dismissive as it's ever been, and it is getting on your nerves, particularly since you've talked about this with her.

"Is there a problem you'd like to share, Oriko?" you demand, sharply.

"Yes!" she exclaims. "You are coming to me for plans to *hunt witches*. In the name of Hope, I don't know why I even bothered."

"Why you bothered to do what?" you ask.

"Why I tried so hard to keep my soul out of your clutches," she exclaims, gesticulating. "Why I sold the damn thing in the first place." She sighs loudly. "You know, at least in the future where I surrendered my free will to become Ryouko's love-addled mind slave, we were getting somewhere with the war against witches."

You scowl. "This is just an interim measure," you say.

She throws an empty teacup at you. It's a nice teacup.

You manage to catch it, and keep it from breaking.

"Do you still have that collar somewhere?" asks Oriko. "You should find it, and bring Kyouko, and use that alternate universe power of hers to turn me into a large, obedient dog. At least there was a certain *elegance* to it, an animal dignity. Better than to give up entirely, remaining slaves to the Incubators, hunting witches our short, meaningless lives, until we despair!"

\[Clarisse] Focus on developing your own powers through dance

"What if I could reverse grief entirely, and save the witches instead?" you ask, evenly.

"Ha! That would be *fantastic*, Clarisse," says Oriko. "Absolutely glorious. Be sure to let me know when you figure it out." She doesn't seem to entertain that this is a real hypothesis.

Nanami is concerned.

*Her gem is being weird*, she relays from the next room. *I'm starting to worry about having this thing on my finger.*

***

**> now remember, Yuma and Kirika are nearby too**

\[] Talk some hope into Oriko
-\[] (write in a few words about your general approach or arguments)
\[] Assuage her with other vision requests
\[] Let Oriko witch out and then hope-boop the witch
-\[] (write in plans for what to do with the feathers)
\[] Attempt service on Oriko's soul gem *before* she does witch things
-\[] (write in plans for what to do with the feathers)
\[] Demand an oath of fealty from Oriko
\[] Turn Oriko into a dog, as she suggested
\[] Remove Oriko's soul gem some 100m away from her body to render her unconscious
\- \[] (write in follow-up)

Deferred:
\- More efforts to develop your powers through dance.
\- If Nanami gets a chance, she should speak with Hanekawa and Mr. Vampire hunter
\- Swap Hitomi to the past for a day or so to get to make friends with Nadeshiko (+ research)
\- Call Ophelia, Simona, at an appropriate time
\- School!
\- Find a way to get Yuuka out of her dads house

Not deferred because I don't know what it means:
\[Machina] Talk about how we want to approach getting mami?
