# \[x] Attend school

\> Seek to appease Oriko within your current framework of house arrest
\>> Agree that grief seed hunting is a bad idea; it was a stopgap anyway
\>> Identify that cubes are a stopgap too, and that grief farming approaches must be off the table

"Calm down," you say. "Please, I agree, grief seed hunting is not what I wanted either. But — you should give me a little more credit than that. Will you listen to my plans?

You seem to have mollified her momentary attack of despair, and take the chance to recall Ryouko. Oriko forecasts you meeting a hostile magical girl, with several friends, you inform her. And Kyuubey is all too happy to foment conflict.

She acknowledges the change of plan, a little disappointed. The train that she had been taking has just pulled into the station, and she hops out on the platform, just in time to transfer to the next one in the opposite direction.

\> Rethink our current attitude towards Oriko
\>> Apologize to Oriko for ruining the future but we think we can make this one even better

"I suppose it must be very stressful. You have been planning out the future of magical girls and probably humanity itself, and I came along and ruined those plans. But it's not the same as ruining the future. I think we can go for something even more ambitious, make the future even better, because the cubes were an interim measure as well. They were a prelude to organized grief farming, which needs to be absolutely off the table."

"Pray tell, then, what you have in mind," says Oriko.

\>> Discuss freeing and purifying a witch

"I saved a witch," you say.

She blinks.

"Whatever do you mean?" she says.

"I took her grief seed, removed her soul, and restored it to hope."

Oriko looks at you like you have three heads.

"Actually," you say, "that's why we were hunting right now. It was too much hope, and it neutralized our grief cubes so that they don't work any more. But we can be more careful next time, and if we can do that with a grief seed, maybe we can do it before it gets to that state, too."

Oriko sits back in her chair.

"You do realize that this will mean war with the Incubators," she says.

"I expect that is what Kyuubey was referring to, when he called me an abomination," you acknowledge. "He referred to me using sealed, forbidden powers. He is the one who placed the seal, and forbids the power."

\> Extend Oriko a feather as a measure of trust

"Here," you say, remove a feather from your bubble and presenting it to her.

"What am I looking at?" she asks.

"This is Simona," you say quietly. "A fragment of her soul, of her magic. I want to entrust this to you."

She regards it curiously, pondering the object and its possibilities, and it hovers for a moment, before gently floating inside her. Her eyes flash an orange color for a moment.

That's not quite exactly what you expected, is it?

"... Oriko?" you ask.

"No!" she suddenly exclaims. "Keep it away from me!"

The feather materializes again, and she pushes it away from herself, and shoves it back at you — and into you, and —

***

**> be Clarisse**

Oh dear, Simona. She's *not* going to like this.

But yes, if you want to **>** **be** a person right now, Clarisse is the one to pick. Her magic may be stronger than Oriko's in principle, but magical girls with soul gems have a laser-like intensity and focus. You won't be able to hold onto Oriko for long.

The problem right now is that you're disoriented. You don't have all your own memories in Clarisse, so you're not quite sure what happened. For instance, *why* are you Clarisse? How did it come to this?

You close your eyes, and take a moment to work through the timeline.

It started with the despair. Your goddess, Ryouko, fell into despair. The other goddess pushed her. You fell into despair as well, but Clarisse had an artifact, like a superconductor for magic, somehow containing the uncontainable energies of a witch. Clarisse lso had a plan. What was the plan? Does *this* Clarisse know the plan?

She does. It's in fragments, but it's enough. You can fill in the gaps that this Clarisse doesn't know.

The problem is that just resetting the universe wasn't going to be enough — if anything, that was one of Oriko's contingency plans, in case of divine intervention. It could all play out again: Ryouko and Clarisse, fighting their wars and playing at a rebellion, changing the shape of the world, civil rights and respect and magic for all the lowly creatures, even the AIs, without questioning where the magic came from. The bait was too good. In fact, Clarisse had said there were signs it had played out several times before this, already.

The clever thing about the plan was how she sent you to this timeline before this timeline existed, starting the time loop from inside the time loop, the paradox magic. To do that, she used the magic of the other Simona, the one from the Governance timeline. The ribbon let allowed her reachthis alternate magic, through you. One Simona witch exchanged for another. From there, she sent you to the point just after that Simona had arrived in the new timeline — the timeline that didn't exist yet, created as part of the same paradox magic, with the same magic. Success in replacing the Star Empire was implicit, and the remaining question was simply getting the Governance versions to do it.

But there are a few things that don't make sense. Clarisse knows some things that don't quite fit. For instance, the name of the dark goddess, Gretchen. And the specifics of why Simona was in this timeline, which isn't something you'd thought of before. It seems she'd been sent by Gretchen in the first place, just in time to despair. Was this all part of Gretchen's plan? But why? She openly despised Ryouko, mocked her viciously. For a moment you feel that it's all for naught. Then —

Oh dear. Clarisse and Gretchen are in league. They were totally making out, and this is hard to distinguish from *you* making out with her. Ew. Ew ew ew ew.

It seems to have been *before* Clarisse's plan, so maybe, maybe Gretchen had a change of heart. You're not sure how to feel about this. You're also not sure how to feel about the idea that the dark goddess is … a cutesy middle school girl. It doesn't make sense. You see, there, in Clarisse's memories the way that it is, but it is in conflict with what you are expecting to think about it.

The other thing that doesn't make sense at all is that you were promised a happy ending with your princess. Ryouko promised you. It's utterly impossible. How can you believe such a thing? How can Clarisse believe it? You were going to guard her in this timeline from the shadows — forever, perhaps, so very close, yet forever apart, giving your all for her. That you failed should, if anything, be somehow worse than that. But somehow, there's hope. How?

Maybe this is it. Maybe this, right here, is the answer. You're Clarisse. It takes you a moment to process this searingly bright joy. You are so close to her. Indeed, part of you is inside her, the two of you overlapping. You can see through her eyes — indeed, hear her thoughts.

It's not quite you doing this, though. Not quite yet. The rest of you is right here, in a little bubble. You should use it, bring yourself back together.

**> ****be**** Clarisse**

***

What follows is chaotic, and you have little part in it. Nanami, sensing trouble from both the gem and your sudden unresponsiveness, enters the room. Oriko, realizing that Simona is after the rest of the feathers, tries to stop her, but Nanami, thinking that Oriko is attacking you, presses on Oriko's soul gem, and stops her short with a quick burst of pain. Oriko screams.

Kirika soon charges in, claws bared, eager to protect Oriko. As Kirika lunges at Nanami, Oriko flings herself in between the two, Kirika's claws tearing into her shoulder. Yuma stands in the doorway in shock. They are all soon distracted by the sight of you.

It's the wings. They are massive, radiant, and burning, as if they are all a solid flame.

"I'm sorry," you say (or rather, Simona says through you). "I have to get to Ryouko, so we can be together forever."

And just like you were able to do earlier, she reaches out for the ribbon, and throws her soul at Ryouko.

**> be Clarisse.**

The flames flicker out, and you are left with just a single pair of tiny wings — Sakura doing her best to stay out of the way for a moment, the better for you to recover.

They're still looking at you, but for the moment, you don't care.

\*Ryouko? \*You message her electronically.

Silence.

This is bad. You should teleport right over there and take yourself back, but Ryouko is on a train right now heading back to Mitakihara, and you do not have the telemetry to extrapolate her position. You send your hail again, on repeat.

\*In a moment, Clarisse! \*replies a packet coded as Clarisse, but which is certainly from Simona.

Well. If you can't message her yourself, maybe Kyouko can relay, or Machina and Mami. You'll explain it to them.

In the meantime, people in this room are still very tense.

"What is going on?" asks Nanami.

"What were you trying to do to her?" asks Kirika.

"Yuma," calls Oriko, quietly.

Yuma nods, and attends to the wound.

"Clarisse," says Oriko, obviously making an effort to feel calm and collected. "Future-sight is very valuable magic, and there are those who would seek to possess the one who has it. I have seen are futures in which my enemies collect thousands of grief seeds, to keep me alive while I am tortured until I surrender my magic. As a rule, I will not abide a future where I am forced to serve in that way. I would not even spend too much time understanding it." She takes a deep breath. "That is just a taste of the peril which awaits us."

You nod.

"I will now appeal to your sense of ethics to protect me from suffering that fate, having set us down this course, and we will proceed to more urgent matters."

You nod again.

"Now," says Oriko. "What has become of Simona?"

"She threw her soul into the part of me that's inside Ryouko, and is currently acting as her tactical computer."

Oriko nods. "What are we up against? What are her motives here, her current emotional state?"

You take a minute to consider this.

"Right now," you say, "her emotions easily override any rationality. She is focused on Ryouko, and she implicitly envisions them in some form of an eternal union, in which she is a part of Ryouko forever. Because of her intense passion, I fear that there is similarly intense magic, and worry what she might do to Ryouko to bend her to her will. I am trying very hard to get in touch."

Oriko nods. "Ultimately, manageable, then. That is a relief."

"I am not sure I am in complete agreement," you say, frowning.

"Do you think that your friend is about to start a time war?" asks Oriko.

You… pause for a moment. That would be worse.

"It wasn't on her mind?" you say, tentatively.

Oriko nods. "Manageable," she repeats.

***

*Okay, Clarisse, we're coming back,* says another message that isn't from yourself, but is pretending to be. It'll be half an hour.

*You're not going to teleport?* you reply.

*We're supposed to be conserving magic,* says Simona.

*Don't you have magic to teleport her yourself?* you ask her.

There is a pause.

\*Please, Clarisse, \*she says.

And then, a message from your girl — or pretending to be. You can't be sure, Simona is her computer right now.

*I told her we can take the train,* says Ryouko.

*Prove that's really Ryouko, you tell her. Have her tell Kyouko that it's okay.*

A few moments go by, and Kyouko sends her confirmation.

You allow yourself to breathe a little. This could still be bad.

***

"It's not her fault," Ryouko tells you, when she arrives. "She wasn't thinking. She \*can't \*think, because she doesn't actually any dedicated components to think with. Otherwise, she would have thought about what I thought about all this, and thought to ask."

You receive this assessment skeptically.

"She cares about me too, Clarisse," says Ryouko. "Look, I'm glad you're looking out for me and want me to be skeptical of what she's telling me, and I understand it's very dangerous, but I don't want her to be hurt because she cared about me." She pauses. "And I don't want you hurt, either."

*I can't stay here, *she sends to you privately.* I'm far too much magic right now, and I remember Ryouko the princess, the goddess. I would make her into a different Ryouko, not the one she wants to be. I'd do the same to Clarisse.*

The problem, it seems, is actually getting her out of there again. It isn't like the grief seed, where the soul was already isolated. It isn't like Sakura, because most of her soul is there, and it does not fit in your little card, and you do not know how to break it apart into pieces again. The ribbon can swap the two of you back and forth, but that is the limit of it.

You can feel things, when you change places with her. Echoes of her elation, her elation at being part of Ryouko, of the shame, when Ryouko said it wasn't right, of the determination to make it right. The feeling that you cherish your short time together with Ryouko as the brightest moment your life.

It reminds you of how lucky you are to have spent so much time as a part of Ryouko… and of your own fear it might yet come to an end. You also feel the temptation to simply make it last forever, to make her care about you the same way, and love you back. It's hard to find the line between your feelings and hers… and you think that she's affecting Ryouko, as well.

"Maybe we should just leave her in the outside-Clarisse for a while," you suggest to the two, distinguishing this part of yourself from the inside Clarisse. "It's probably safer for you that way."

"But that's you, too," says Ryouko. "How is it safer?"

"Simona is Star Empire magic. Having so much Star Empire magic inside you could change who you *are*. That's not okay. It's like erasing you." You take a deep breath. "Don't worry about me. I will get along perfectly fine without an independent avatar for a while. I've done it before, after all. It's more important to protect you."

"... but we have somewhere to be," says Ryouko, looking outside. Indeed, the sky is lightening, as the sun is beginning to rise.

"I'm sure Simona can manage being a transfer student in the first day of school," you say. "If anything, she'll be better at it than I would. We can figure out the rest later."

Ryouko takes a moment and looks at you like you're the saddest thing in the room.

"No," she says, closing her eyes and shaking her head. "That's no good, Clarisse."

She concentrates.

"I am Ryouko," she says. "I am not a princess. My tactical computer is not Simona, it is Clarisse. And today, we are going to go to school in Mitakihara. Together."

A beam of light and magic surrounds both of you, and then Ryouko is holding a bubble filled with the feathers, and you are a part of her again, and beside her as well. Residual sparkles fall.

Ryouko opens her eyes, and looks very proud. No, she *is* very proud, and definitely sure that her personality isn't being warped. She smiles.

"Well," you say. "Thank you." You step over to give her a warm hug.

Then you notice something.

"Did you just magic both of us into school uniforms?" you ask.

***

"How did it go?" asks Hitomi.

Oh, where to begin...

"We started out being followed by someone invisible," you say. "She got away. The witch we fought afterwards might have been set out as a trap, to kill us. Ryouko ended up with a severed arm that was burned to a crisp. She's better, of course, but it was a much closer thing than it ought to have been. We ended up throwing demons at the witch. Then I ... fought off a body-snatcher of sorts, and... what's the matter?"

"... You can just do that?" asks Hitomi.

"Which?" you ask, confused.

"Heal someone's arm, after it's destroyed?"

You nod. "Magic."

"... Right," she says, making a note to ask you about it later.

You notice, again, that something's different.

"Did you … change pajamas while I was out?" you ask her.

"Mama came looking for you and Ryouko," says Hitomi. "I had to run interference."

"Oh," you say. "At this hour?"

"She was looking for her book," says Hitomi. "The big, old fashioned one. She says she needs it for costume inspiration."

"Ah," you say. "Yes, that one."

"It might help a little, if you were to return it to her," she says with a slight smile.

You nod, and head off to retrieve it. It ought to be safe enough to leave it in her care; you would know where it is, certainly. You were also going to check on the sketch of which you had inserted. Actually, it might be a good idea to remove that sketch, if you are going to return it. She might be inspired to make it for you.

***

You slam the book shut quickly and scoot back to Hitomi's room.

"I don't think I can give it back to her," you say to her as you return, holding it behind your back, with an embarrassed look on your face. "It's not in the same condition I found it."

"You damaged it?" she asks, aghast.

"Worse," you say. "I fixed it."

You lay it down between the two of you, as you sit on the floor. Hitomi takes a look.

"Clarisse?" asks Hitomi, looking at the title page.

"A magical girl," you say. "A famous one. I was named after her."

Hitomi reads the title page. "An Account of the History of Clarisse Van Rossum. Appendix I. Magical Girls." She turns a few pages.

Besides the summaries and designs, discussions of personalities, and symbolism, there are exquisitely detailed illustrations of everything: soul gems, weapons blueprints, and exquisitely detailed costume pages, discussing fabrics and stitches, wings and feathers. Actually, they're not all feathers: some of the wings are more translucent, and others vary in color.

"I understand," says Hitomi, contemplating one particularly detailed costume. "That might be a little bit too much inspiration. We'd never see another moment's rest."

"I was slightly more concerned about its discourses on magic," you say. "She's *already* been using it for costume ideas, somehow. The illustrations she uses as bookmarks are all in tucked into the pages she took them from." You frown. "Do you even have any idea where she got it?" you ask.

"I don't know," says Hitomi. "She's always had it."

You leaf through more pages, in concern.

"It might have been from one of her old friends?" says Hitomi.

"Her old friends were all magical girls," you say. "She just doesn't remember. If she is to be reminded of them, I should prefer that it is under controlled circumstances."

"I see," says Hitomi.

You consider the volume further, and then recall something from the vision. *Wielding the power of Walpurgisnacht*, indeed, Kyuubey.

**> Calm down.
\> Get ready for school.**

You shut the book.

"I think we've had quite enough adventures for one night," you say, putting it aside. "Help me get ready for school?"

"What should I do?" asks Hitomi. "You look like you're ready as it is."

She seems almost a little disappointed for a moment, then she has an idea. "Oh! I know," she says. "We can pack lunch together."

***

\> … Oh dear.

**\[x]\[School] Attend school**
**\[ ]\[School] Attend school
\[ ]\[School] Attend school
\[ ]\[School] Attend school**
**~~\[ ]\[School] Write-in~~**

This doot will continue in the new year, with actual opportunities to vote.
However, this is the end of Clarisse Quest Part I, *Machine in the Ghost.*
See you tomorrow in Part 2, *Revolutionary Girl Clarisse!*
Same bat timeline, same bat channel!
see she's "revolutionary" because all the fouettés make her go around and around
