# the mysterious and alluring Simona del Mago

You suppose the simplest way to get a moment's solitude to make a call (internally) is probably to locate the girl's room, an easy enough operation. This shouldn't be too long, after all.

**> Call to check in on Ophelia and Simona**

The first thing that happens is that the phone rings six times, then goes to voicemail.

"Hello," says the voicemail, in English, but with an accent. "You have reached the mysterious and alluring *Simona del Mago*. *Dejo un recado, por favor.*"

You make a note to check your own voicemail message, and Ryouko's.

The disadvantage of twenty-first century technology is that you have no idea of the reason, and can expect no reply with anticipated availability, which poses a modest conundrum. You were somewhat hoping to reach her immediately. What is the proper etiquette in this situation?

You decide to hang up without leaving a message. You are hesitant about leaving messages which are relatively insecure and call again. If she doesn't pick up this time, you'll leave a message that isn't too weird.

The phone rings five full times. Halfway through the sixth ring, she picks up.

"*¡Buenos días, Clarisse!*" says the voice on the other end. "*¿Cómo estás? ¿Que esta pasando en japon?*"

She is positively chipper. This, and the continued use of Spanish, leaves you slightly disoriented, and wondering whether you've reached the correct Simona, or this is some alternate version of her from this world's imagined past. You're not even sure what language to respond in at this point. Maybe English? If she's in America?

\>> Ask her how her week has gone

"Oh, I'm fine," she says, switching to English herself, as if nothing has happened. "Um. You know how it is over here, never a dull moment."

"I beg your pardon?" you ask, confused and flustered.

"I was just having a late dinner with Ophelia. The cafeteria food is inedible, as always. I'm sure Japan supplies Ryouko with wonderful fresh sushi every day. I'm ever so jelly. Ooh, speaking of jelly, I want milk tea with grass jelly on top and they don't. have. any. We are absolutely deprived here."

You begin to worry that you've done something to her — fried her brain with intense magic exposure, or something.

"Simona," you say slowly. "You're not making any sense. What are you saying? Are you okay?"

You notice a silence replacing the background noise of the call. The call may have been muted. It occurs to her that she might do if she were crying, and wanted to hide it.

"Please, Simona, talk to me," you plead. "Is it about Ryouko?"

After a moment, she un-mutes and replies.

"Clarisse," she says, calmly but carefully, "you know that one night, when I took Ryouko out to the riverbank, by the starport, to tell her that I loved her? Remember just how disastrously that whole night turned out? I'd really like to avoid a repeat of that again right now. So, um, I probably shouldn't talk much longer. Busy. Very busy, studying, big very big test coming up, may the Goddess protect us all. You understand, right?"

***

**> do you think she's okay over there?**

\[] Say goodbye, give her some space
\[] Offer to head over there and talk to her
\[] Head over surreptitiously and investigate
\- \[] (or send someone else)
\- \[] (write in details)
\[] Make haste to head over there with one or more magical girls
\- \[] \*Try \*to sneak up on them
\- \[] (write in tactics etc)
