# some kind of weird cultists

\>> Leave them alone
\>> Head over with one or more magical girls
\>> Send Amy
**> no consensus**

You are somewhat at a loss. Your first instinct is to give her space, and yet … You worry about her.

Why would she be referring to that incident? What happened was a sudden demon attack — probably deliberate — possibly but not certainly involving Joann Valentin, for that matter, since she is already on your mind. And Ryouko very nearly died saving Simona, and then almost immediately made a contract.

**> Go check on Simona. She might be in trouble.**

The more you think about it like she's in trouble, the more her message reads as a coded distress signal. Even when she was saying strange things on the call earlier… if she were panicking but she hadn't figured out a good coded message, that would make sense. But why would she be like that? Is there any threat model that would make sense? What might endanger Simona? Who would target her, and why?

… Well.

You did change her despair to hope on a rooftop at the school. It *might* have attracted attention. Just possibly. You hope she's okay. You should check. Or maybe you should just send Amy, instead... but she's following the boy from last night. You could just go yourself, if you can be stealthy enough about it.

\> Try to sneak up on them

But, you realize, with a pang of guilt, you're missing something important. You don't have a costume. This is very important, Tomoyo-chan said so. You should transform. You… you don't call her Tomoyo-chan, do you? And ... you don't have a transformation. You just borrowed the lilac fairy outfit from Sakura. The only part of you there was the splash of color. And that one is not a sneaky costume, anyway, it's an aspirational one, Tomoyo-chan explained that, and you're not in the right emotional state for it anyway and you can't remember another one just now.

\> Use Kyouko's and SE!Chiaki's powers to hide ourselves

Why, yes, that would be very good stealth. You will prepare instead by borrowing magic.

*Can your magic help?* you ask Sakura. *I want to bring back a memory.*

Sakura is willing to help, so you close your eyes, and think back to using Chiaki's magic to save Asami...

***

**> be Chiaki**

*There won't be any turning back,* relays Clarisse.

In truth, you're not certain how to read her on this matter. She's tried to push you away. You're not sure if she likes you, or if she is simply testing your resolve.

*I've made my decision,* you reply.

Clarisse nods.

You kneel before the throne, and Clarisse takes your soul in her hand. Ryouko is seated on a throne, wearing robes of state and her crown.

*On the floor,* says Clarisse. *Prostrate.*

You lay face down in front of her, on the floor.

"I pledge my soul to the service of Ryouko," you say. "May I ever defend her, protect her, and serve her. May love for her alone fill my heart for as long as my soul gem may shine."

Clarisse carries the gem to Ryouko, who takes it. She touches it to her own.

"May your soul gem shine bright and long," she says.

You are overcome by the feeling, all throughout your being, that you are on fire. If you were not lying down on the floor already, you would surely collapse now. It is a burning sensation, painful, yet joyful. You love Ryouko, all of your being is filled with love for Ryouko, in ways that you can barely fathom. Your *skin* is infused with love. You take a breath, and it hurts, because your lungs are on fire with love — the oxygen entering your bloodstream is part of your love. And you look up to her, and she is smiling — because of you —

***

**> be Clarisse**

"Are you okay in there?" someone asks.

You appear to have banged into the wall, and attracted some attention with the noise.

"I'm quite all right, thank you," you say.

It's mostly but not *entirely* true; your shoulder will be fine, but you ache a little from the backlash. But you can draw on the sound magic from … *somewhere*. You're not sure where, actually. You wonder if Chiaki notices, somehow, in another universe. It might be worthy of further study. You feel a little guilty, though, and the Star Empire has somehow given you a new *class* of reason to despise it. It's not right. Souls shouldn't be crushed into new shapes like that, you can tell, it harms them, and it hurt her...

With these thoughts you steel your resolve, and gather your composure.

*Our friend in America might be in trouble,* you relay to Nanami and Ryouko, sending them a copy of your advance scouting plan. \*I'm going to take a moment to check it out.

In the girl's room?\* asks Nanami. *Not that I really have a better suggestion...*

***

The portal opens in a small copse, outdoors, by a stream of water.

Simona is not on the school grounds. She is on a pathway through a narrow patch of woods which, from GPS and [maps](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Salem+Lake/@36.0855507,-80.2252435,254m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x8853a9461e38b6f1:0x54efe6b2aa7c3815!8m2!3d36.0970121!4d-80.1861116), seems to connect the school grounds and another university with a body of water named Salem Lake. Simona is with Ophelia, who is standing nearby; she looks pretty out of it. Nearby are two figures wearing very long, flowing cloaks. They're dark, with a design on them you don't recognize from anywhere in particular. They look like some kind of weird cultists. You can't make out any faces, or anything besides the cloaks, really, but you don't think they're magical girls.

"I told her to stay away," says Simona, turning off her phone and showing it to the figures. "It's off now. There won't be any more interruptions."

The two figures pause to confer with one another. In a moment, Ophelia starts walking. Her gait is unnatural — a little bit dance-like, perhaps, if the dance you had in mind was aimless enough — and her eyes are closed; she's certainly not looking where she's going. Simona follows her, and the two figures follow Simona, heading further away from campus and into the woods.

***

\> What business might cultists have with your experiments in magic?

\[] Leave them alone and stay away
\[x] Get their attention, and ask them what's going on
\[] Call for reinforcements and ambush them
\- (write in reinforcements)
\- \[] Attack and subdue the cultists
\- \[] Try to scare them away
\- \[] Demand surrender
\- \[] (write in)
\[] Abscond to Japan with the two girls; leave the cultists behind
\[] Follow them quietly and see what they're up to
-\[] Follow them yourself
-\[] Dispatch Amy to follow from a distance
