# a Ceph utility design

**\[6] Follow them quietly and see what they're up to**

There is something weird about the way the cloaked figures are walking, as well, but not like the way that Ophelia is dancing her way forward.

Simona looks over her shoulder a few times as she goes along: not at you, maybe towards the portal you'd opened.

They proceed through the woods, past the water treatment plant, and cross a small creek, emerging in a small field next to a local Boys and Girls club affiliated with the Salvation Army. There is a rail terminal to the north, and a residential subdivision to the south. They proceed towards a crude dirt trail that leads towards an unusual structure situated behind the club building.

No, wait... that's not a dirt trail, that's more of a ... skid mark.

The structure is a spaceship, just sitting there, completely unstealthed. It looks like a variant of a slightly less common Ceph utility design: a smaller vessel, with both atmospheric flight capability and its own FTL drive. You can't see whether it is armed, but usually this type has only very light weapons; they use them primarily for delivering high-value equipment and specialists, to support their operations in areas which they have already secured. The standard crew complement is probably about four to eight, but it could hold up to a dozen passengers if it happened to be configured as a light troop transport.

It is guarded by — well, it's one of the smallest Ceph you've ever laid eyes on, but it is still tall enough to tower over you and the others. Contributing to its smaller size is a near total lack of armor, though it does brandish a light ray gun. This guard seems somewhat agitated, and calls out to the others using sounds that you don't understand. It seems to be motioning for them to hurry over and get inside. One of the cloaked figures calls back, in what seems to be the same language.

***

\[] Sneak aboard after them
\[] Evacuate the humans
-\[] Attempt to take one or more aliens hostage, too
\[] Assault the vessel with magical girls
-\[] (write in details)
\[] (write in some other tactic)
\[x] Reveal yourself, confront them, and ask what they're doing
