# maybe the third strangest thing

\[5] Portal the girls to the Salem Academy Roof

The roof is an easy destination, and it will not imperil your personal stealth to send them there.

\[5] Use Chiaki's power to give the Ceph a way to contact us and invite them to talk

You synthesize a neutral waveform and overlay it on top of the magic, identifying an anonymous email address — not that you're confident in their ability to use those protocols.

Their response seems somewhat confused, and they look around in several different directions, before the guard barks at them and they hurry back to the ship — which, for the moment at least, does not take off.

\[5] Portal to Simona and Ophelia and ask them what's going on

You follow your targets to the dormitory roof.

"Are you all right?" Simona asks Ophelia.

Ophelia is sitting down at one of the picnic tables.

"mm good. Sleepy," she mumbles.

"Simona…" you call, to get her attention.

She looks over to you immediately. It doesn't seem like she can believe her good fortune.

"Oh goddess. Ryouko. You did come. I didn't even know if it was physically possible." She rushes over to your side.

"Uh, Simona—" you begin.

"Oh, what happened to your hair?" she interrupts.

"Simona, I—" you try to continue.

"Wait, what happened to your gem?!" she asks, taking hold of your hand in alarm and staring at the distinctive lack of a ring and a fingernail pattern.

"I'm not Ryouko," you say.

"Then who are you?" she asks, confused.

"I'm Clarisse," you say.

"… Clarisse?" she replies, eyes wide. "But you… How?" She shakes her head. "You were a part of Ryouko, where is she?"

"She's still in Japan. As for how … It's a long story," you say.

She takes a deep breath. "Okay then," she says. "That's … maybe the third strangest thing to happen today."

"I should hate to hear the second strangest. Can we talk about the aliens?"

"They are the second," Simona clarifies.

You make a face. "Dare I ask?"

"Clarisse," she begins. "I've seen a lot of timelines and I've seen a lot of magic: sometimes subtle, sometimes silly, sometimes eerie, sometimes tragic. But the strangest to beset me only happened just today at the 601 South Martin Luther King Junior Drive Chick Fil A—"

She's been getting more and more sing-songy as her soliloquy has advanced, but here she pauses.

"Which is of the Student Activity Center Food Hall, at the state college next door," she adds.

"Simona… you're singing," you observe, with distress. Singing about unnecessary details, as well. This is not an auspicious start to your working relationship.

"Everyone was singing!" she exclaims.

"This is hardly the time!" you exclaim.

"I can't help it!" she replies.

You are a little annoyed, and tell her so.

"Oh dear goddess, Simona, is it somehow lost upon you that the Ceph have landed and your friend is helpless in a trance? I am asking you quite nicely if you could tell me concisely what has happened, and refrain, when you explain, from using song and d—mmph!"

You have to cover your mouth to stop singing about it. Even so, there's a sensation of pressure urging you to go on. After a moment, it passes, and you feel as if the magic in question is draining out of you.

You look around carefully.

"And dance," you say, cautiously. "On second thought, I think I understand what you were getting at," you add.

"Yes, it was just like that!" agrees Simona.

"Is it contagious?" you ask. "Or maybe…"

You look over at Ophelia. She has stood up on top of the picnic table, and is miming something to the general direction of the squid landing site. You consider this a moment, in light of the premise that the last time she did this, aliens appeared to escort her away.

"Oh, lovely," you say. "I think they're using her as a beacon somehow."

"Oh!" exclaims Simona. "If they were doing that, they were using her to communicate, too. I'm actually not sure they can understand human," she says.

"They were making her sing things at you?" you ask.

"Less singing, more interpretive dance," says Simona. "Which sounds weird when you say it like that? It was actually working pretty well, though, I didn't have any trouble understanding her at all."

You make another face.

"Listen, Clarisse," Simona says. "I didn't realize they were Ceph until a moment ago, but I do know a little bit of the Ceph language from working with Homura. I'm not sure if it's enough to make a difference, but if there's anything I can do to help in any way I can, say the word."

You consider your options here.

***

\> if you go back soon, you can easily be on time for the rest of your lessons!!

\[] Hide everyone in Japan. Leave the squid to investigate a magically charged rooftop for a while.
\[] Go talk to the squid.
-\[] Using interpretive dance.
-\[] Bring Simona to interpret.
-\[] Use Simona's soul shards to interpret.
\[] Send Simona to negotiate with the squid.
\[] Confront the squid.
-\[] Use magical girls to capture the vessel and disable its occupants. Interrogate them later.
-\[] Attempt to scare off the squid with simulated weapons fire.
-\[] Intercept the vessel and send them into a portal to elsewhere in the galaxy.
\[] Attempt to alert the local police or the US military.
