# Oh, goddess in a hover vehicle

*Author's Note: Sorry I took so long! (Dmg Up 40%, Heal 20%, Remove Status Ailments, Status Ailment Resist 100%)*

\> Send Simona to negotiate with the squid.
\>> Along with Ophelia, in case interpretive dance is a more effective translation paradigm.

"I have to be brief," you explain, "because both Ryouko and myself have been wished back from the dead so that we can go to school and have fun and shenanigans together with the Mitakihara Four and some of their friends, and I really don't want to see what happens when I'm late for class."

Simona's eyes go wide for a moment, but then she catches herself.

"Mitakihara Four — Akemi-sama is there? If so, she ought to be managing the Ceph —"

"No," you interrupt. "Not Akemi-sama. We have Akemi Homura-chan, who is a shy, insecure little girl."

She considers that for about five seconds.

"Oh," she says. "Like in the movies."

"It's so much worse than the movies," you admit. "There isn't anyone we can turn to like that, no higher authority or power to get us out of this."

Simona looks very concerned.

"What's wrong?" you ask.

"Well, that means something else coming from you, doesn't it?" asks Simona.

You frown. "How so?"

"You've seen the Goddess," Simona notes. "But you get the special visions. Not just her answering service, the real deal, straight to the top."

She stands right in front of you — towering over you — and stares into your eyes.

"Do you understand the implications? For Ryouko? If she falls to despair?"

You blink.

"Yes, I know about witches," you say. "And how do you know? I suppose Akemi Homura told you?"

She nods, briefly.

"It's not common knowledge," you continue, "so be careful before telling anyone. It could push them into despair right away. There are demons here too, but Kyuubey regards them as an unwanted infection."

You glance at Ophelia, who is inviting one of you to dance via mime. She's repeated this particular dance again, and you get a sense of impatience attached.

\>> Communicate with Simona from afar via feather-assisted telepathy, and remain ready to extract the diplomatic team if negotiations break down.

"Right," you say, looking at her. "We need communication. Think at me, like you're doing telepathy."

"How will that work?" asks Simona. "If neither of us is a magical girl…"

"Try to do it anyway."

You get a sense that she's trying, but nothing else. That's not going to be quite enough …

You reach into your bag, and push your finger through the bubble around the feathers, the tension of the surface tickling a little...

***

\> be Simona

*Clarisse. Hello Clarisse. Testing 1 2 3 4.*

You're taking a lot of things as they come, today, but this one provokes skepticism. She's not magical, after all.

But it does work. Clarisse can hear you. You're not certain *how* she can hear, but it's unmistakable, a fact that you're simply *aware of* in your stream of consciousness, mixed in there with your own naturally occurring thoughts and assessments.

Clarisse will now take advantage of this connection to dump exposition and technical data into your mind directly, saving precious time: Humanity can't afford war right now. Besides the obvious reasons, there's a very slight chance that the aliens want to go after Ryouko for revenge for something she did in another life in another universe. Signs that this might be the case: any mention of an organization called the Star Empire, star and moon princesses, or anything about goddesses, particularly living ones. If you can, get them to contact us.

(You wonder here what Clarisse might have done, to depose a squid goddess.)

Besides all that, the squid may simply be after the same thing as the incubators: human emotional energy. And if what the incubators say is true, if what Homura specifically told you is true, there's really quite a lot to be had. It's probably best they aren't informed and that you refrain from comment if they ask.

(Well. As long as you are contemplating Homura's advice, it's probably best not talk to incubators, either.)

Clarisse agrees wholeheartedly and marks this insight as interesting. Also, she marks that you have marked her marking this insight as interesting itself. But it is becoming a little meta, so as efficient as this is, she should stop before it's too confusing, or before it becomes too uncomfortable. You'll be welcome to have your thoughts to yourself, really.

***

\> be Clarisse

You send the two girls off to negotiate with the aliens using interpretive dance, because this is a very serious magical girl anime and you are a very serious lead character. For the same reason, when you get back to school you are just in time to catch the tail end of Ryouko helping out with a simple-looking math problem.

You will have a word as you settle into the desk.

*Ryouko.*

She is defensive before you even say anything in particular. *I was just helping them with math, like the teacher said,* she tells you, a bit haplessly.

\*With Diophantine equations?

It's not even anachronistic. I checked with Nanami.

It's not exactly middle school level! \*you object. Where did they get such a fiendish little problem?

*I hadn't done it before myself specifically. It's trickier than it looks,* she agrees.

*For my reference, were you aware, in the moment, of turning the solution into a song and dance number?* you ask.

\*I didn't dance!

The others did. \*You sigh, quietly. *That part is not your fault, though. I'm just frustrated.*

As the class settles in, you peek in at Simona's attempts to begin negotiations. They seem to be actually talking, which is a good sign.

You are alarmed for a moment as Sayaka dashes into the classroom at the last second before the end of break, but she insists it's nothing.

\*I made it in time, didn't I? *she asks.* I was using the time tracking thing to make sure. \*She's quite proud of this.

*Maybe don't cut it quite so close next time,* suggests Wakaba. \*Even if you are technically on-time, it attracts a lot of attention.

Yeah, *she allows,* but think of it this way. If I'm always running around and getting to class just a second early, everyone will just think it's normal, and when I have to do something crazy, they'll just shrug it off. It's like hiding in plain sight! Right, Clarisse?\*

You decline to comment, as Nanami is asking for your attention.

*The good news is that I can guarantee you 100% that aliens are not landing in Mitakihara unless they have much better stealth than we have observed so far. The bad news is that I think I just saw something from our invisible friend.*

She asks for your assistance analyzing. The main problem is that her network was tuned for sensitivity and broad spectrum detection efforts, trading off selectivity and precision in the location.

\*I'm not quite sure how it makes sense, *you tell her.* The attenuation pattern I'm seeing is genuinely confusing. I'm not sure what it would take to get this from a point source, and I'm not sure what sort of alternatives make sense, either. I'd need more directional data.

That would be nice now, wouldn't it? \*replies Nanami. *But no. I didn't notice it until it was almost over because the candidate solutions were all over the place, and I didn't want my attention triggered by dozens of spurious signals.*

You get the sense that she'd like to be defensive but also recognizes she's to blame.

\*I'm somewhat worried about the coincidence that it just happened now while I was busy intercepting aliens on the other side of the planet, \*you tell her, and then realize something, and you are a lot more worried.

*Actually,* you realize,\* these results could be explained by the signal being produced on the other side of the planet and radiating through wormholes we've opened between here and there. \*There's a signal from the monitoring devices near Hitomi's home that makes a *lot* more sense if the emitter is somewhere nearby on the roof of Salem Academy. Were you followed? You could have been. You left the portal open, until you were sure you didn't need it to go back. And you *didn't* leave one open for more than a moment when you departed, so the interloper could still be stuck there, whoever or whatever it is.

Your unsettling thoughts are interrupted by the alarm of Simona, who is screaming \*Clarisse! \*and trying to get your attention about something even more troubling.

Let's catch you up on that, shall we?

***

\> be Simona

The two squid in cloaks do not talk. The guard does the talking.

His request — demand? — is simple enough, when you get down to it. «Take me to your leader.» It might be rendered more literally as «arrange an audience with someone authorized to speak,» as an idiom for command and decision-making authority. It's one thing that you know well, though this phrasing is slightly different, and longer.

He declines to comment on larger goals, reiterating that the important thing is identifying the leader and communicating with this person. You try to pin this down, whether he is interested in civil matters, military, or other authority. He says to simply bring *your* leader.

You are not sure who that leader is, so instead you spend some time attempting to arrange communications as Clarisse asked you to — or, well, as was somehow made known to you by Clarisse. This involves a lot of back and forth describing access to networks (Clarisse has left very detailed information). You don't quite have all the words for everything.

The Moravian girl, Ophelia, seems to be willing to help. The guard, in turn, spends some time speaking with someone inside on a headset (they seem to be able to monitor this). Eventually, he simply indicates they don't have «the capability to speak with your systems». This is unfortunate.

You are telling them you will try to figure out what to do when you are interrupted by Ophelia, who performs a dance that you don't understand. It involves first proceeding some distance away, pirouetting along through the center of the group and past them, pivoting about in a circle, then returning to the center, spinning around first one way, then the other, then settling down gracefully on the grass, right in front of you, like a swan coming to rest.

You look down at her, confused.

She opens her eyes, and looks up at you, seemingly confused.

"Simona?" she mumbles.

"Um. Yes?" you reply.

She wobbles as she tries to straighten herself, then looks down, seeming a little confused as to how she ever contorted her body into this shape, which involves a very impressive split. "What's going on?" she asks, using her arm to help unstick one leg.

"I'm not sure where to start," you begin, then she interrupts.

"Oh no!" she exclaims, alarmed. "Am I drunk? Did I go drinking? Is this a hangover? Oh, God, Mom is going to kill me …"

"No, there's just … we were negotiating with aliens."

She pauses to consider, then turns to look.

There is a strange, deep throbbing sound.

The guard, alarmed, barks something into his headset about reinforcements, and the two in ceremonial robes hurriedly rush out from the vessel, carrying some strange metallic instruments: a decorated orb held by chains; a large, flattish spoon on a stick; whatever that thing is, with the wires; a bucket… they are hurrying over to you two, equipment clattering.

Ophelia tries to scramble to her feet — and screams in pain as she stumbles, her muscles protesting the ill treatment of this past night. And even as she screams, the sound grows louder, drowning her out. Where is that sound coming from? It's intolerable...

Oh, goddess in a hover vehicle.

It's a hover vehicle. It's a primitive spinning-blade hover vehicle which is VERY VERY LOUD and has a bright light. It zooms by overhead. It's … it's going to swerve around again, and then land nearby, isn't it? Like in the dance…

"Clarisse!" you scream, both aloud and in your mind, as the alien guard seizes Ophelia's arm. «Stay», it exhorts. Meanwhile, the two Ceph in robes are making their way over to intercept you.

***

\> Negotiations have broken down!

\[] Send Simona instructions
\[] Ask to be excused, then disappear to help intervene
\[] Throw some magic at Simona and teleport those two away
\[] Assault and capture the alien vessel
\[] Actually, > be Simona for this
-\[] (write in details for any of these)
