# La Petite Danseuse de Quatorze Ans

*(If you have just been catching up to the story, now would be a good time to catch up on the [April side story](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/clarisse-quest-now-in-part-ii-revolutionary-girl-clarisse-a-pmmm-tts-quest.44100/5/reader/#post-14837008) for 2020.)*

\> Throw some magic at Simona and teleport those two away
\>> But ask Simona to try and set up a later rendezvous with the Ceph first,
\>> preferably somewhere isolated so it doesn't get crashed by uninvited guests again

Clarisse wants you to do magic, Simona.

There are several impossibilities here, the first of which being that you are no longer a magical girl and the second being that it isn't magic that you knew when you were a magical girl. Nevertheless, the first thing to do is to keep Ophelia from falling into their hands using a small … wormhole?

This is your magic, though, no doubt. It's unmistakable.

This startles the guard, and he lets you go suddenly. The other two turn your way as well, assuming a posture indicating submission to authority. The guard is then distracted by the hover vehicle. They are operating a spotlight, which they are focusing on the craft.

You should work to avoid an incident. You don't know who the interlopers are — who runs a hover vehicle in this day and age, exactly? Is it military? Is "WXII 12" some sort of archaic numeral system? Maybe it's a squadron, or a vehicle identifier.

The good news is you have a good memorable phrase for when unmarked ships from rogue colonists attempt to ruin your plans.

"Please don't eat those people who talk funny!" you exclaim in their language as the vehicle lands. "I don't know what they're capable of!"

That's not literally what it means, of course, that's just how you remember the words. A word very similar to "eating" is used for conquest, and relates to access to resources, and the concept of splinter groups is again expressed in terms of the "speaker" role. Also, your fluency here is limited, and you are beginning to worry.

***

"Shizuki Clarisse?" asks the instructor, looking at you.

Oh. Right. You are also in class. You should pay attention.

You head up to the board carefully to do the problem. It's a simple number game which can be solved with a backtracking approach that has horrendous asymptotic complexity… and that approach is exactly the one you will make use of here, because informing the instructor and class about the alternatives is not sane.

You push yourself to see the elegance in the simplistic approach. Given the data sizes and limited instruction sets available, this is the superior approach. You are philosophically okay with it. But in contemplating its operation, you experience it rather directly as part of your conscious awareness. This is unpleasant, and you are somewhat seasick.

I'm afraid you'd make a lousy algorithms instructor, Clarisse.

***

*The aliens are gone, Clarisse,* Simona thinks to herself, when you check in on her.

*You arranged a rendezvous somewhere isolated?* you ask her.

\*I tried, \*she says, a little frustrated. It doesn't seem like it went as well as she'd prefer. The guard seemed to be saying he'd come back with a stealth vessel, but Simona didn't have enough of a common frame of reference to communicate time and location, not without technological assistance.

*And the hover vehicle?* you want to know.

She's still not sure who they were, or what their equipment was. They kept on pointing lights, and tried to ask her questions about what was going on. When they were distracted by the vehicle takeoff, she ran off into the woods, and has made her way most of the way back. She'd like to go rest for a while, though, thank you very much. She has questions, of course, like why the squid were in cloaks bowing down to you as soon as you did magic, or how she actually did it. She just sort of doesn't *care* right now.

*I need to go do mundane things here too,* you say. *I'll be in touch. Get some rest.*

Yes, she thinks to herself. She will get some rest, as you said, and go talk to Ophelia...

***

Joanne Valentin insists on seeing you one at a time.

Her office is a bit nontraditional, eschewing the usual desk for a small round table, its curvature matched symmetrically on either side by two pairs of curved, backless sofas, arranged concentrically. Some smaller cushions float off around the periphery, forming a third ring. Altogether, it's a clean, well lit, and modern space. Joanne's laptop sits beside her, and you across from her, as she welcomes you to the school and introduces you to the process; Ryouko she has asked to wait outside.

"Are there any particular things that came to mind that would interest you?" asks Ms. Valentin.

"I was wondering if it would be possible to do ballet," you tell her.

"Ballet," she repeats. "I see. Well then. I suppose I must first ask whether you mean this as a token extracurricular, something you do on the side for exercise and a little bit of fun, or do you see yourself willing to put forth a major effort and invest in it seriously?"

"I'm willing to do it seriously," you say.

She shuts her computer with a click.

"Tell me, Clarisse," she asks. "Who's your favorite ballerina that you've seen perform live?"

"I … I'm not sure," you say.

Ms. Valentin nods. "What's your favorite ballet?"

"Swan Lake," you say, playing it safe. You *have* watched a performance, or at least the highlights of one.

"Do you prefer the Petipa choreography?" she asks. "Or the Balanchine?"

"I don't have a strong opinion," you tell her.

"I have read your transcripts," she says. "They do rather get one's attention, however, I did not see that you'd taken any form of dance classes before. But perhaps you've had some private instructor, or an extracurricular that's not for credit?"

"No," you admit.

"Then allow me to be direct," says Ms. Valentin. "I don't think this is a good idea for you."

"You don't?" you reply, surprised to see such direct pushback from her. If this were Governance, you'd expect she'd let you try just about anything, certainly all the more so in Nanami's fantasy version of education. But it occurs to you, on second thought, that a Shizuki asking about ballet might just have trip some red flags for extra attention...

"In my capacity as a curriculum coordinator," says Ms Valentin, "it is always my hope that the students I assist might all be able to reach the fullness of their potential, to make a difference, and change the world in a positive way. Now, sometimes of course they have other ideas, things that they'd rather do. So it is; we must all work to find balance." She pauses. "But if a student is going to do frivolous or unimportant things with her life, I feel it should at least be something that she enjoys. In your case, I look at your sudden transfer, and I look at your family, and I cannot help but worry about the motives. Perhaps you feel you are being pressured into it. Perhaps this is a cry for attention, or approval. Perhaps it is merely a passing fancy. Perhaps you are jealous of one of your sisters. Perhaps you are ambitious, and think that you will find a handsome boy. Perhaps simply doing it because you think you have no other choice. None of these are promising motives."

"It's not quite like that," you assure her.

"If you say so," she allows. "But I will tell you this, Clarisse. If you wish to take it quite seriously, if you do wish to leave your mark on this world through the art of dance, understand that you will not do so through any half measures. You will neither succeed nor thrive if it is a chore that someone forces you to do. It must be a way of life. The prima donna ballerina is no longer simply a human girl. She reshapes herself as a physical being, restructuring, muscles, tendons. More so than that, though, she empties her soul, becoming one with the dance and the music, emotionally, physically."

You squirm uncomfortably; it seems a rather unfortunate way of putting it.

"In any case," she says, "I tell each student that she must find herself, before you she can find her calling, all the more so if it is one such as this. Your main assignment is simply to spend time reflecting seriously on your life, and what you think it means. If you do wish to proceed with dance seriously, I would also ask you to write me an essay on *La Petite Danseuse de Quatorze Ans*, and how this work relates to the art in general, and what you think of that."

"Oh," you say. "How long of an essay?"

"Well," she asks, "I shall leave that up to you. How much do you really want to do this?"

***

\> nothing is actively on fire
\> so…. free … time?

\[] Cut class and go hang out with your *girlfriend*
\[] Reflect on the meaning of your life
\- \[] (write in your thoughts on what to share)
\- \[] (or write in a cover story which you will pretend is the meaning of your life)
\[] Work on the assigned essay
\- \[] (write in an essay)
\[] Work with Nanami on projects
\- \[] Alien focus
\- \[] Unknown interloper focus
\- \[] (details?)
\[] Damage control on the incident near Salem College
\- \[] (write in suggestions)
\[] Help other students with math and algorithms
\[] Investigate the student body's occult scene
\[] (write in something else)
