# Technically, you owe me grief seeds already.

**> Put Nanami in charge and conduct a focused raid immediately**

Nanami wants a small incursion team, because doing surveillance editing is extra work, and thinks you are best suited to help her with things. Granted, you could help her remotely, but latency and communications to the other side of the planet are just bad enough to be really annoying.

You are not Simona, and you are navigating without a very strong emotional attachment to WXII News 12. This puts you at a disadvantage, and it also puts you back on the roof at Salem when you try to travel directly to the station. It seems that repeated use has made this a bit of an anchor spot for the magic. Perhaps Simona's own presence nearby contributes to this as well.

*Slight detour*, you tell Nanami. *One more hop, and we'll be there.*

Simona is asleep, dreaming. You'll return here later.

***

The first good news is that they do not intend to put this footage of aliens on the 6am news. They'd have to be insane, or at least very very stupid, because the owners at Hearst would absolutely blow their top — much as if someone decided it were a good idea to air stories about Bigfoot and nine eleven conspiracies.

The editor responsible for the morning news is explaining his strategy for this. He intends to sit on the tapes and gather additional documentation before they go public. In particular, he'd really like some reporters to speak with those girls.

The two of you discuss the possibility of editing the footage — such that it appears to be a hoax — but decide that there will be fewer opportunities for loose ends if you simply overwrite the files with static.

The station maintains a digital archive, and the original recording is here in 1080p video, readily replaced. That's not the hard part. There are also off site backups, which should be readily compromised. That's not really the hard part either. The hard part is that they've moved copies to other computers to analyze what they have, isolating select stills of the craft and of your two friends. The audit trail is terrible, and Nanami would really prefer to erase everything more or less at the same time.

Also, there's one other small problem. The digital archive system has logged an export to a magnetic tape cassette output system.

*Someone was paranoid,* you suggest, *or wanted a souvenir.*

Nanami agrees.

\*I say we edit the archive to keep the problem from spreading, *she suggests,* then we track down this tape. It's either in the station, or someone took it away.

Tap the phones, then,\* you suggest. *If it's stored off-site, they might call whoever has it, and we can try to find him.*

***

In hindsight, tapping the phones wasn't necessary. You simply needed to trace the employee login. The camera operator brought a copy home. Fortunately, he lives nearby; also fortunately, he didn't place it anywhere more clever than his coffee table. He's catching up on sleep as Nanami erases it.

\*And that's it, I think, \*she says.

***

The 6am news broadcast is airing now, alien-free, but judging by the station's records, you still have a short while before things actually get busy.

\> Side mission: repurpose WXII infrastructure to improve your monitoring of orbit

Permit me to explain to the readers how this works, Clarisse.

When a ship's FTL bubble collapses and joins with the broader universe, a distinctive type of electromagnetic signature escapes, a shockwave "chirp" in the microwave spectrum. Suppressing this is a challenge for the best stealth vessels, so detecting the signature won't be too hard. Indeed, Governance elementary schools often make it into a hands-on learning experience, measuring and assembling a radio dish as a group activity, and configuring a signal processing pipeline.

There are limitations, of course. For starters, any infrastructure is pretty worthless while it is on the wrong side of the planet. Also, with sensors in only one location, instead of on multiple bodies throughout orbit, you won't have much idea where they've arrived, but their probable destination is known. Finally, this approach does somewhat rely on the aliens to cooperate and drop out of FTL near the target on a direct approach, so it is still somewhat probabilistic — but of course, much better than nothing.

In any event, the television station has many interesting capabilities to offer you, including big satellite dishes, medium dishes, powerful television and radio transmission equipment, a crude Doppler radar installation (primarily used to monitor rainstorms), and mobile transmitters attached to news vehicles parked in the parking lot. In short, it's a fine target of opportunity, and the dishes can be put to use monitoring passively without even interfering with their regular operations. (And if you do want to interfere with operations, there are options as well.)

These primitive systems, however, have very specialized signal processing capability, and are not programmable remotely. Nanami needs to gain access in person to make it happen, and is mostly finished with this as the local magical girl approaches.

The girl has a bob haircut, and she is wearing jean shorts with a black jacket with a bronze emblem that says "WF". You estimate her to be a high schooler. She keeps her distance, standing on the other side of the street.

*Hey,* she sends to the two of you.

*Hello. Is there something we can do for you?* Nanami asks.

*Okay. Well. The problem is, you're in our territory without permission, *she replies.* Technically. The line mostly follows the road, but the TV station is still in 27106, not 27104.*

You take a moment to process what she has indicated. The numbers appear to be some sort of local administrative designation.

\*Our apologies, *Nanami tells her.* We'll be gone shortly, then.

Technically, you owe me grief seeds already, \*she declares.

Nanami frowns, but the girl continues without waiting for a reply.

\*But that still doesn't make any sense, \*she interrupts. *You're with Salem Academy, right? And even south of Coliseum Drive belongs to West, and the Career Center. So … what have you been doing down there, and what are you doing way over here now?*

The local territory agreements appear to be nontrivial. The girl seems to want answers more than she wants the grief seed, folding her arms as she speaks, and looking … well, about as tough as your average grumpy teenage girl; appearances are deceiving.

***

\> How much do you intend to tell other magical girls?

\[]\[Meguca] Explain why you're here and what you're doing
-\[] (how much do you tell her?)
-\[] ask her some questions yourself (write in)
\[]\[Meguca] Make up a cover story (write in)
\[]\[Meguca] Pay her off with a grief seed
\[]\[Meguca] Apologize again then just leave
\[]\[Meguca] Fight her for the territory
\[]\[Meguca] (write in some other approach)

\> Side mission: check in on Simona and Ophelia in person
\[]\[Simona] (write in questions for Simona about aliens)
\[]\[Simona] (any other last minute directives?)
