# oh dear; you understand entirely

\> Try to watch just how Ms. Valentin deals with Yuuka's situation
For the time being, Wakaba and Yuuka are walking home together. Her father is expected home from work before too long, and it seems likely this will be the best place to find him.

\> Locate Hitomi and speak reassuring things to her

Hitomi, it seems, is very concerned about her reputation being utterly ruined, and being teased by everyone for the rest of her schooling. She is defensive at first, but becomes less so as you listen to her concerns.
It just raises one little question.
"What about Madoka?" you ask her. "Just supposing she was your girlfriend. Would you hide it, and be ashamed?"

"Well, we'd have to talk about that, wouldn't we," Hitomi concludes.
You consider.
"I suppose of all the ways to avoid a tough question, that one is probably the most defensible," you say, with a smile.
You walk on for a little longer.

"I understand it would be tough," you say, trying to reassure her, "but your family would be there for you."
"What?" asks Hitomi. "You and Ryouko?"
"Not just us," you say. "You have a very understanding Papa —"
Hitomi stops.
"What do you know about him?" she asks. "You've known him for days. What do you think you know about him that I don't? Don't pretend you're an expert."
Well, you do know some things, but this might not be the way to raise them to her...
"I just think he would be ... very supportive," you tell her.
"I don't think so," she says.
"Really?" you ask.
"If I was serious?" she asks. "If I told him that I wanted to marry a girl? He would very gently tell me that it's not right, and it's not what's meant to be. That we should be in harmony with Nature, and with Life, and with our place in the universe. And then, if I persisted, he would be as kind as kind can be, all while I break his heart. No, thank you."
You process what she says, uncomfortably, and why her Papa might believe such things. Of course you can't be sure, hearing it secondhand, and Hitomi may have read into it more than he intended her to, but, It's almost certainly shaped by his trauma, all the things that happened, and then — having to deal with the world after.
"No," continues Hitomi. "It'll just be like Mama's phase when she was in school. Covert, furtive, passionate, forbidden, doomed. A secret, shameful, beautiful romance. And then — some day I'll find another boy who reminds me of Papa, and we'll get married, and have a family, and grandchildren, and great great grandchildren in the twenty-fifth century, and I'll be able to look back on those memories, and laugh, and we'll all be happy."
You are gravely concerned that this approach is unwise.
"That's also something you'd want to talk about, with a girl, I suppose," you say. "Or you could hurt her, badly."
"Mm," says Hitomi. "Maybe I will."
"I still think you should talk to Papa," you tell her.
"Clarisse," Hitomi says — stopping, to look you right in the eye, and a little bit agitated — "there are things that talking to Papa just won't change. He wants grandchildren. He's not just going to stop wanting that. And it's not just him. I want to have a family too. And standing in the way of that is human biology. You just can't have babies with two girls, Clarisse."
You consider this briefly.
"Hitomi," you say...
You supply her with an illustration from a science text discussing the preferred methods to extract chromosome bundles from haploid cells for eventual placement into egg cells. (Your annotation labels the two donor cells, "Madoka" and "Hitomi".)

At this point Hitomi turns into a root vegetable (Beta vulgaris vulgaris) and you apologize, agreeing to resume the conversation some time later when she is less, um, red.

***

\> Steer Ryouko towards building the future she hopes for outside of Governance, such as this world she's in right here

"You'd be willing to stay here?" she asks, somewhat shocked.
Ryouko doesn't want this world here. She wants … well, she's not sure what she wants. She wants her home as she's used to it, and she wants her girlfriend, she just wants it better, where you can go places and experience a different culture, a world where people can be birds who fly about colonies in the sky, not so much for the flight but for the sheer joy of being different.
"The simple, fundamental reason for the status quo is our civilization's grand strategy: Make more magical girls, and feed their souls to the Incubators in exchange for some trivial fraction of their power."
You pause a moment for her to digest that thought.
"To change Governance you must be prepared to break the yoke of the Incubators," you opine. "Maybe you're just the magical girl to do it. But if humanity is going to survive the war, you will need to replace the Incubator system with an entirely independent system of magic. Which we have. Here."
This is actually much more than Ryouko had imagined feasible, which is, somewhat ironically, a little frustrating for her at first, having prepared herself better for the notion of its utter impossibility. But she'll do it. She's still thinking of it as a prototype, though, not as her home.

***

\> Discuss your first day of school with Papa.

You discuss several (mundane) parts of your first day of school while at dinner. Hitomi is still recovering from being acutely flustered, but proves herself once again to be a master of hiding her problems and making small talk.
You're starting to wonder if Papa is doing something similar. There are a few subtle tells, you think, and it strikes you that they're very similar in some ways. They both have expectations to live up to, placed upon them from outside, such that their lives are not their own. What is their own is a stubborn drive to do the right thing, putting themselves and their dreams aside to live up to those expectations of what's right, with pride and honor in their service. It's noble of them, in a way.
This is not to say that you're actually okay with it.
And to that point, Clarisse, you're walking the same sort of path, aren't you, in your service to Ryouko? And you're not sure you're okay with that, either.
So perhaps this conflict can be understood as a Shizuki problem, generally — in which case, you should be looking out for how it affects Ryouko. She is, after all, looking for "her place in the universe." What if she actually finds it? What if she actually finds her place, and her place is doing something noble and self-sacrificing to save everyone, because Governance, and all humanity, expect it from the Hero of Orpheus, and thus she expects that of herself? It'd be like the flip side of the Star Princess wish, a different path, yes, but perhaps the same end. Would you be okay with that?

***

After dinner you do get a little time alone with Papa, and summarize the shenanigans.
"I used magic to get back to America, and spoke with one of Ryouko's friends from the future who was going to school there somehow. One of her classmates was almost kidnapped by aliens, but we stopped them, and they're gone for now. I'm somewhat worried that they will return and threaten the whole Earth."
"Ah," he says. "How very interesting. We never had aliens at my school."
"You had Incubators," you point out. "Those are aliens, though they don't usually advertise it."
"Is that so?" he asks. "How interesting indeed."
"Also," you relate, "the curriculum coordinator assigned us both homework to help assess what Ryouko and I want to do with our lives, and, well … besides the limitations on how much I can safely tell her, it's a hard question, and I think I have a harder than usual time with it."
"Oh?" he asks. "Why's that?"
"A short while ago I was just a clump of nanotechnology and cells on Ryouko's spine. I was never intended to be like this," you say, gesturing at yourself, "with the body of a human girl, and I'm torn between my duties, the life I was actually intended to live, and the potential of a new one, and — oh dear; you look an awful lot like you're about to tell me you understand entirely."
He smiles a moment at that.
"Well, perhaps," he says. "But I'm not entirely sure what I can tell you. In truth, I never had much choice. The incubators made it clear to everyone that I was something they would not allow to exi—"

***

**> be Sakura**
It is dark, and it is raining. You're not upset. It's something that quite transcends anger. You're just … confronting a creature who is a very great evil.
"It's not her fault," you say. "It's yours. All of this. Maybe you didn't do all the work yourself, but you planned it, and you wanted it. It has nothing to do with her."
"Your understanding is partially correct," he admits, tilting his head. "The dearth of grief seeds is a condition which I allowed to come about, as it serves my goals. But it is very much connected to Nadeshiko, the abomination."
"Why?" you ask.
"It is just as I told you before. Her continued existence is a threat to my goals in this world. As long as you protect her, I will be your enemy, and I will permit your friends to fall into despair — even encourage it. This will at least mitigate the threat." He flicks his tail. "Doesn't your own culture find it pretty disgusting for a boy to pretend he's a girl?"

***

"—so in the end, it was an easy decision," Papa concludes.

\> be Clarisse but stay a little bit Sakura for a moment too
\> hug Papa

"Oh dear," he says. "What is this?"
"I wanted you to know," you say. "When the incubators tried to blame everything bad that happened on you. They enjoy a monopoly on magic, and are very concerned with preserving it. Everything bad that happened that they blamed on you was because you threatened that. They wouldn't have cared about being a girl in the least. They're not like that. It was just a convenient excuse to manipulate people. Everything they said about you being bad or wrong was to make you feel bad, and to make other people hate you."

At this point Papa hugs you back, a very robust hug.
After a while, he lets go, giving you a small kiss on the top of your head, and offering his thanks. Then he excuses himself from your presence for a little while. You do hope that he'll be okay.

But you know, Clarisse... once again, you're in the [same position](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/clarisse-quest-now-in-part-ii-revolutionary-girl-clarisse-a-pmmm-tts-quest.44100/page-215#post-13458494), the Incubators all too happy to call you an abomination.

If history is any guide, you should be watching out for your friends.

***

"Were you going to head out again this evening?" asks Mama, as she passes you in the hallway.
"I hadn't quite decided," you demur.
Actually, you were fairly sure of it, but not quite of the specifics. Kyouko is still over at Oriko's, and it's still not clear who will be guarding Oriko tonight. It seems that her house arrest is starting to take a bit of a toll on morale. Nanami might be willing, but wants to at least use the time for some projects, but also is uncertain about the wisdom of having many projects in Oriko's house specifically. She also thinks that Kirika has become a little jealous of Kyouko, who has spent a lot of time on guard duty. To put it simply, you don't quite have enough magical girls to make this an easy thing: Nanami, Kyouko, Mami, Ryouko, and *maybe* Homura.
"Well," Mama says, "I had a feeling you might want to spend the evening with some of your friends, so if you would like to wear something special, I happen to have a lovely dress which I would be quite happy for you to try."
Well... if you were going to spend time with Kyouko, perhaps that would be nice… assuming you don't end up with something too ridiculous, of course, which is a real risk.
"Give me a little while to think about it," you say.
She smiles at you. "I'll be upstairs," she says.

A moment later, you get a message.
\<Wakaba> Okay, something's not right.
\<Wakaba> Yuuka's dad is acting strange, and there's a thing on his neck.
\<Wakaba> It won't photograph right, but it's like this.
She attaches a picture of the man with a blob traced out on top of it.
\<Wakaba> He says he's going to head out again and is going through all his stuff looking for I-don't-know-what. Yuuka's worried.

***

**> ... did you ask for this?**

\[]\[Yuuka] Intercept Yuuka's father, and remove the witch's kiss
-\[] (write in any appropriate follow-up investigation)
\[]\[Yuuka] Follow Yuuka's father to see what happens, and intercept any witch
-\[] (write in details of the team to dispatch)
\[]\[Yuuka] Permit her father to go to his doom

\[]\[Tomoyo] Avoid entanglements in the attic
\[]\[Tomoyo] Try the dress which was selected for you
\[]\[Tomoyo] (write in a specific sort of outfit you'd like to borrow instead)

\> Hang out Talk or text with Kyouko while organizing witch hunts
\> Work on that essay about ballet.

\[]\[Kyouko] Volunteer some of your time to guard Oriko, and work on your essay while hang out with Kyouko
\[]\[Kyouko] Head out with Kyouko to follow Yuuka's father to the site of any witches
\[]\[Kyouko] (write in some other plan, and spend more time with Kyouko on calls and texting)

Not forgotten:
\> Discuss aliens with the group!
