# rush out of the house with toast in your mouth

**> Question Oriko about the interloper but don't use any more magic**

Oriko resists much of your questioning.
"I'm not compelled to disclose my entire plan and agenda, Clarisse," she says. "As long as I'm not a two-faced manipulator, and a false friend."
"But you were doing magic," you ask, "while Kyouko was distracted."
"No magic," she says. "I made a phone call. On a landline phone, if you must know, so there's no records here, and if you did somehow trace it, you'd find it goes to an unsurveilled pay phone."
You frown.
"And how did you know to call that phone, without your future sight?"
Oriko smiles. "There's often more than one way to make interesting things happen, Clarisse."
"Tell me how, then," you say.
Oriko catches herself almost telling you how. She seems to make one or two false starts, before finding a way to distract herself from this with a digression.
"You didn't find it at all curious," she says, "when Nanami invented the magic that lets you hide from cameras?"
You consider this.
"It's not the only such inspiration we've had," you note. "The magic infused cards are another one. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be gathering from that, though, unless it's supposed to be some very strange way of giving us new ideas."
"Ah," she says. "So close, and yet so entirely wrong."
You ponder.
Something in your understanding of the interloper is not quite right, you realize. Nanami made people immune to cameras. And the interloper, indeed, seems to be immune to cameras — but the high schooler you spoke to certainly seemed to expect that she was otherwise visible, as you would expect from that magic. But when you chased her down, and nearly caught her near Sayaka's place, she appeared to have an alien stealth device, and was entirely invisible.
Maybe she has both, somehow? *More than one way to make interesting things happen.*
"Is the interloper an alien?" you ask.
Oriko snorts.
"No," she says.
Then she volunteers a bit more.
"She's someone you already know," says Oriko. "There. That's the other little deception, and I can shut up now without being driven to distraction by the impulse to tell you so. You should have some toast."
"Toast?" you ask.
There is a Ding noise. You look over to the toaster, where a slice waits for you.
Oriko has prepared some fruit preserves, as well, to spread upon it.
"If you are to be running around all night, you'll need to have more to eat," she says.
"Is there something I should know?" you ask Oriko.
"Yes," she says. "You should know that magical girls have infiltrated the detachment which will be investigating the previous landing site."
"The which that will what?" you ask, alarmed.
*Signal on the FTL detector*, sends Nanami, suddenly. She attaches the readout.

***

**> rush out of the house with toast in your mouth**

It's about 4 in the afternoon in the Eastern time zone.

\[Aliens]\[ ] Proceed directly to make contact with alien magical girls at the landing site
-\[] (write in messages for them)
-\[] (logistics? accompanying persons?)
\[Aliens]\[ ] Send a delegation to the landing site
-\[] Just Simona
-\[] (write in Gang of Nice members)
-\[] (write ins)
\[Aliens]\[ ] Leave them to the American magical girls
\[Aliens]\[ ] Attempt to establish communications with the aliens via radio waves
-\[] Suggest Mitakihara is actually the place that they're looking for!
-\[] (write in messages)
\[Aliens]\[ ] Teleport to an alien vessel before they land
-\[] (write in plans and objectives)

\[Interloper]\[] (write in any schemes, plots, traps or countermeasures)

\[Oriko]\[] Increase your surveillance of her, perhaps with technology
\[Oriko]\[] Continue to integrate her into the group despite these worrisome habits
\[Oriko]\[] Arrange further magical honesty therapy in the near future
\[Oriko]\[] (write in something)

\[Masquerade]\[] Start plans to drop the masquerade directly, to better control the narratives
\[Masquerade]\[] Start looking for sympathetic persons to effect selective disclosure
\- \[] Prestigious scientists and academics
\- \[] Powerful politicians
\- \[] Popular culture figures, idols, etc
\- \[] (write in)
\[Masquerade]\[] Obscurity remains the best policy, even if the masquerade drops
\[Masquerade]\[] Make plans with the group, advocating *(write in advocacy)*
