# Invested with the authority of \[nobody in particular]

\[2]\[Aliens] Attempt to establish communications with the aliens via radio waves
\- Suggest Mitakihara is actually the place that they're looking for!

Planning the transmission exposes you to an unfamiliar task: sending messages with Ceph protocols.

Of course, Governance cannot *regularly* break Ceph encryption; it wouldn't be very good encryption if they could, and they would be fighting a rather different war. But between magical girls and captured equipment, they have certainly reverse-engineered the ordinary Ceph data formats, and made them available to you in the event that you should happen get at any of the plaintext. The Ceph in turn do their best to keep interesting information far away from Governance in the first place, limiting the utility of any compromise.

You've just never personally had occasion to author any message in those formats, and there's always room for hiccups when dealing with such an unfamiliar system.

For instance, there are a variety of data formats capable of describing your alternate landing site proposal, but it's not clear which actually applies here, or (for some of them) what basis to use in the coordinate reference: the sun? the landing site in America? The role of the message matters here; it might be confusing if you send directions in a packet that accidentally asks for them to bomb Mitakihara instead of land there.

And, of course, there's the matter of the message itself, the problem of composing a request instead of ordering an attack. What you have here isn't meant for nuance. Qualitative information is presumably in the implant-mediated communications which are too alien to understand. This leaves you with audio communications, which is manageable, and Simona's advice, which is, unfortunately, not available over a secure channel. You are kicking yourself a little for not arranging something earlier. You feel like a silly girl who forgot to write down an important cell phone number. Maybe it's genetic.

Nanami regrets that she cannot help you with your protocols. *Human technology only,* she says. *I'm apparently not jealous enough of the alien technology. But I've got an idea for your telephone call.*

She contrives to route your call through an unassigned number which, if it were assigned, would belong to a prepaid phone. Practically speaking, your threat model is more concerned with forward secrecy of metadata, and even unencrypted comms are not likely to be intercepted. As a student with friends in Japan it ought be fine for Simona to get a random call from Japan, as long as you don't form a pattern whenever there's alien activities.

It should also be within acceptable risk parameters to retask the TV station infrastructure for communications. You are fortunate to know that they are interested in the one town, however, or it might be very tricky to sweep the sky and get their attention. If they're focusing in on one city, you can send a much less focused transmission.

***

Invested with the authority of ***\[nobody in particular]*** and on behalf of ***\[placeholder identifier for the Gang of Nice]***, you, ***\[placeholder identifier]***, Clarisse, send a message.

Because audio is where the Ceph data formats get really weird. Yes, there are a few boring varieties which you could use to carry raw pressure data, with more of a scientific connotation to them. And there's one that's actually clearly designed for speech and communication — it puts data in the frequency domain, compressed with a variable bit rate, presented with an encryption-aware progressive encoding for redundancy and resilience against data loss. But it's weirdly arcane, layering an elaborate authentication mechanism into the heart of the protocol itself, modulating the data representation against the authentication data itself. A normal format might send these data inline, maybe as a separate packet type, or a header; there's lots of tradeoffs, but they don't modulate the data against the authentication, it's just weird. The documentation suggests this particular format is poorly understood, having been recovered from captured equipment but has not actually been observed in use. Ordinary qualitative reports are sent with more direct implant readouts, a form of thought still too alien for Governance to fully understand.

You almost give up in favor of one of the more scientific-data pressure-wave recording approach. And yet — well, you want the message to be understood, and who expects *sound* in a transmission of unsolicited science data? And there's something else that clicks, something Homura told Simona about the idea of command authority as "permission to speak".

So you've made up an authorization chain as best as you can, and it seems to pass the Governance-supplied validation suite, at least. If things are sane, it should show up in their systems as some untrusted third party communications from no one in particular. Idiomatically it is meant to run something like so:

> Article:
>
> To the most esteemed commanding officer of the approaching star-vessel:
> We understand your hope to land at a site of interest which has recently been visited by a vessel crewed by some of your kind. We believe this site is subject to monitoring. A landing there at this time would draw attention and cause alarm which may provoke an unwanted response. This response would impair our interests as well as yours. We respectfully request that you divert to the alternate site which we specify. We expect that landing at this site will also permit you to fulfill the purpose of your mission and permit discussion that would bring our interests into harmony. We appreciate your judicious use of stealth systems to avoid unwanted interference.

Alongside this data packet you add some arbitrary coordinates in the forest a few kilometers outside of the city — some place that looks reasonably isolated — using two different data formats, sun-relative and a planetary scheme which uses the original landing site as its origin. You also add a communications pattern to use once they've returned. Then you set the station's main TV antenna to broadcast it on an unused channel.

Then you wait.

There's an unfortunate amount of waiting, actually. You don't really have effective monitoring of their sub-light approach. In a way, that's a good thing, as others won't have effective monitoring either, but it's quite unsettling that they don't send a response.
*Shit,* Nanami suddenly sends. *Shit shit shit, fuck, damn.
What's wrong?* you ask, concerned.
*Mom's home,* she says. *With my brother, and some new boyfriend. I might be distracted.*
You're not sure what the implications are, but what you understand of her home life doesn't look too good right now.
You send reassurances. *Take care of things if you have to. I can take over from here if you need to handle things. You've been a great help already.
Thanks,* she acknowledges, *but I'm going to be stressing out either way until I know what's going on.*
A moment passes.
*Hey,* she says, *what's up with our cat?*
You check in. What is up with your cat? She appears to be in a basket on the front of a bicycle. This is a recent development. It seems Amy was noticed when she tried to follow the high school student on the bicycle, and was spotted; the student tried once or twice to lose her, before slowing down and offering a ride. You're not quite sure what else has been going on; if his invisible friend is anywhere nearby, Amy does not have her on camera.
This all would be slightly less interesting if he wasn't on one of the better bike routes to take him in the general direction of your proposed landing site.
\*Is this supposed to be a vote of confidence that they've got our message? \*asks Nanami. *Because they're sure not replying to us on the east coast.*
She considers some more.
*Do you think maybe they over-interpreted the request for stealth?* she asks.
*I don't know?* you say. *We should be able to explicitly request an acknowledgement packet.*
You add that to the broadcast loop.
Nothing.

***

It's 5 in the morning. The sun is rising, and the Ceph have made a few orbits. Ryouko is reasonably sure of it, because her soul gem is glowing that funny color of green.

*It might be confirmation bias,* she suggests, *because I know the landing site. But I think they're landing. I think they passed by well to the south a couple times, maybe investigating the America site, but then they performed a plane change, and headed directly overhead. Now they're coming in on a landing trajectory.*

The high school student is definitely headed that way too. Ryouko expects that it's about time for her and you to be headed that way, too, implicitly understanding that this meeting is a place that she should be, personally.

***

\> Skyranger is deployed. Strike team is in the A.O.
\> Strike-1 is cleared to approach the landing site.

\[Aliens]\[ ] Allow Ryouko to meet the aliens openly
It's probably less clear on their gravimetrics if you open long-term wormholes when they are landed.
-\[ ] Keep Simona on the (insecure) phone as translator
-\[ ] Make a quick trip to provide Simona with more secure communications gear
-\[ ] Bring Simona in person to assist
-\[ ] ... while you ignore the aliens and investigate Nanami's situation
\[Aliens]\[ ] Keep yourself the magical girls away from the site and send in someone without magic
Keeping magical girls away keeps your magic capabilities secret.
-\[ ] re-task Amy to investigate quietly
-\[ ] send Simona to negotiate
-\[ ] (write in)

\[Aliens]\[ ] Bring many magical girls to meet the aliens, as a show of strength.
*But not Oriko. Unless you write that in?*

\[Aliens]\[ ] (write in)

\[High schooler]\[ ] Hang back and let Amy watch his approach
\[High schooler]\[ ] Intercept him, and remove him from the area with a quick teleport
\[High schooler]\[ ] Call him on his cell phone and demand an explanation
*(This option uses Amy as a relay to ensure it is secure.)*
\[High schooler]\[ ] (write in)

Outstanding but not forgotten:
\[2]\[Interloper] Next time we encounter the interloper, request everyone tell us who is with them so we can reduce the possibilities
\[2]\[Masquerade] Start looking for sympathetic persons to effect selective disclosure
\- Prestigious scientists and academics
\- Powerful politicians
