# They fight crime.

Araragi Kyoumi describes his younger sisters, Araragi Karen and Araragi Tsukihi. Together they form a duo known as the Fire Sisters. They fight crime.

Or they play at it, anyway, investigating various forms of rumors and shenanigans. Of relevance, it seems their school across town was hit by a wave of "magic charms" sold by some unknown figure for various purposes: love charms, study charms, and the like. The two had been investigating the strange success of these charms, the remarkable prices paid, and the various misfortunes which seemed to befall those who used them. Karen had texted her sister between classes about how she had just made a major breakthrough in the case, and then vanished. She has not been heard from since, though someone turned in her phone to the school office; the police have taken hold of it. Karen's photo shows her in a yellow-orange track suit wearing a hair clip in the shape of an egg and an asymmetrical ponytail. It is a dynamic pose, and she is winking at the camera.

All told, it's not really a lot to go on, though.

"You don't have anything more than that?" you ask.

"Not really," he replies.

"Nothing at all?" you ask, slightly astounded. You can think of a variety of questions here, such as \*why are you on this side of town, \*and *why were you looking into vampires?*

"As far as anyone can tell, she just vanished," he said. "Abducted."

The man in the Hawaiian shirt, who the high schooler has introduced as Oshino Meme, has been watching carefully as the high schooler explains and you listen — perhaps studying the high schooler as much as you. He now intervenes.

"It's pretty late, Araragi," he says, making an excuse for his friend. "You might be forgetting something. You should exchange numbers, in case you remember tomorrow."

When this is done, he takes leave of you, walking his bicycle down the street. Amy follows him at a short distance.

"You don't want to work with her?" asks Oshino. "She seems like the kind of young woman who might be able to help you out here."

The high schooler shrugs.

"She's up to something," says the boy.

"Of course she's up to something. So is your other friend."

Araragi shrugs.

The man facepalms dramatically.

"Ah, but perhaps she's not quite your type," he remarks, pained by the revelation.

Mr. Araragi seems slightly upset at that one.

Oshino now stops in his tracks, and turns around carefully, while the high schooler continues heedlessly.

"She's bad luck. I just got a flat tire —"

"Why hello!" interrupts the man. "What have we here?"

"Oh. It's a cat," says Mr. Araragi, then adding, "She's pretty friendly."

"I see," says the man. "Here, kitty kitty!" He crouches down to the ground, and beckons.

Amy holds back.

"She's been following you?" he asks. "I didn't take you for a cat lover."

"Yeah, well, she seems to like me for some reason," says the boy.

"They say that black cats are lucky," notes the man in the Hawaiian shirt. "Especially for a young woman seeking a suitor. Is there someone special in your life, Araragi-san? Perhaps Miss Class Representative?"

The student shakes his head.

"It's not like that," he says.

"On the other hand," says the man, "*outside* Japan, black cats are generally considered bad luck. Maybe that's why your tire blew, hmm?" He grins mischievously and tilts his head.

"I don't believe it," objects Araragi.

There is a pause for a moment, and then his phone rings.

"I'll see you later, Araragi-san," says the man, standing up.

"Hello, Araragi here," he answers the phone.

You are quite interested to hear the call, and Amy is in position to eavesdrop.

"Mr. Araragi?" asks a voice on the phone. It sounds distorted, synthetic, and crudely so.

"Yes?"

"Is your refrigerator running?" asks the voice, dead serious.

"Yeah," he responds.

"Well then, you'd better go catch it!"

"Right. He hangs up.

"Sorry, girl," he says, patting the kitty on the head. "Looks like I have to go catch a refrigerator."

\*What the \*\*fuck \**am I listening to?* Nanami wants to know, as you analyze it together. \*What is that supposed to mean?!?

Code words,\* you suggest. \*It appears to be a standard formula for a crank call.

I can't trace the call\*, says Nanami. \*There is no sign of a radio transmission to that cell phone.

Then why did it ring? \*you ask. *Magic?*

You're not satisfied with that explanation, particularly as the phone itself was radiating energy in the usual way. You analyze your own data a little more carefully.

There are indirect signs of cellular traffic, you realize, reviewing your own radio data from the interval in question. His phone must have disconnected from the nearest tower, because it negotiated a reconnection after the call. And there is just the slightest increase in the noise floor on cellular frequencies during the call. While the noise could be a number of things, it matches the pattern you saw earlier while tracking the interloper.

You are beginning to get an idea of what that means. The cell phone, and presumably the interloper, communicate with a third party via a narrow-beam transmission, carefully targeted, probably with accuracy of a meter or better. All you can make out is the weak reflections from whatever part of the beam misses the target, or from the phone case itself.

What you're not sure is why Amy isn't picking up more of the reflected signal. It puts some constraints on the candidate beamforms which you're uncertain how to resolve.

You share this with Nanami.

*Yeah,* Nanami grumbles,\* this fucking crap has been driving me crazy since I started looking at it.\*

She doesn't seem too happy right now.

You take the moment of nonsense and frustration to catch up on Ryouko, who is seeking input.

***

The squid magical-girl captain is named Star-Wave. After a few false starts, the cover story comes together; it implies that Simona has previously been abducted. Your group represents a major political faction which has intervened in the matter, and, seeking what advantage it can have from the contact, probing the new vessel for its intentions, and whether this group might have more to offer. It seems to explain the manner in which you are keeping this meeting clandestine.

Star-Wave's price for going along with this is to leave behind her science officer, a magical girl — nominally as a representative, but also as her personal contact. In exchange, the two of them will work to represent your world as an unimportant outpost of your civilization, drawing attention away from what might otherwise have been some awkward questions — questions like "why are there so few starships on a planet with this large of a population" and "who are the real authorities?"

*They scanned our world for a few orbits,* Machina observes, referencing some detailed projections which Nanami has supplied. *They presumably have some idea of our technological situation. But something's fishy here. Why is she only offering to downplay our importance? Governance would still send emissaries and try to study aliens, even if they only knew of an outpost world. Why not just erase the planet from the logs entirely?*

Ryouko has tried to get clarification from the captain on this.

*The central authorities won't be involved at all,* Star-Wave indicates. *We intend to keep the knowledge of your planet a secret within our faction, so that we can reap all the benefits of our relationship, and gain an advantage over our rivals.* She paints a picture of a central government, control of which is shared among three major factions, each of which pursues their own aims as well.\* Perhaps this is not so different than what you intend yourself?\* she concludes.

*Maybe too much like us,* Machina opines. She suspects Star-Wave is an over-excited opportunist, hoping for some big break, and isn't sure that she's thought all of this through, or has the resources to pull it off. Ryouko would therefore like to know if this proposal is okay, or if she should be trying to extract more concessions.

***

**> Negotiations! With aliens!**

\[ ]\[Aliens] Go along with the plan as presented by the captain.
\[ ]\[Aliens] Request knowledge of your civilization be kept to the magical girls only.
\[ ]\[Aliens] Request further assistance against the faction that tried to abduct Simona.
\[ ]\[Aliens] (write in some other conditions or concessions)

\[]\[Interloper and friends] Dispatch Amy to follow the man in the Hawaiian shirt.
\[]\[Interloper and friends] Leave Amy to follow the student and try to trace his contacts.
\[]\[Interloper and friends] Confront Oshino yourself
\- \[] and ask him about his knowledge of the occult.
\- \[] and ask him about (write in)

(write in any other clever follow-ups)

You are beginning to be concerned about school in the morning.
