# Did I stutter?

\> Confront Oshino yourself

"You look lively, ojou-sama," he says as he turns a corner and spots you. "Did something good happen?"

He puts a cigarette in his mouth, but does not light it.

\>> and ask him about his knowledge of the occult.

"Are you sure you shouldn't be the one telling me?" he asks.

"I would like to know more," you say. "And I want to know how much you already know. But maybe we can share?"

He considers that a while, and nods.

"Then I want to know if you're good witch, or a bad witch," he says.

You consider that. "I'd like to know why you'd suspect either," you say.

"I'm a specialist," he says. "I study the aberrations of the world. I'm sure you've met some of them yourself; am I right? And if you haven't, you will soon."

He takes out the censer for a moment as he explains his methods.

"The smoke wasn't drawn to you. This suggests you're not a good witch. But it swings to point at you. So you must be a good witch, and very powerful. Too powerful. That never happens. So maybe you're not a good witch after all. Maybe the censer isn't pointing at you, but you have something that attracts it artificially. Now, why would you have such a thing, I wonder? I can think of a few reasons. The first one is, as camouflage. And if that's the case, you could be a very bad witch indeed." He grins, and tilts his head dramatically. "And in that case, I'll find out just how well I've prepared."

You contemplate that. You think he means "good witch" to mean a magical girl, or some partial understanding of it.

"I'm not a witch at all," you say.

"Are you sure?" he asks. "I see many young women who suffer a certain amount of misunderstanding on the topic. See, there's always balance, you see especially in magic. You can't have the good without bringing the bad in equal measure. Hope and despair. It's one of those — what do they call them? Like electricity. The negatives always find the positives."

"A conserved quantity? A symmetry law?" you suggest.

He thinks a bit, then shrugs.

"I'm aware of what you're getting at, though," you say. "About witches. I'd call the good ones 'magical girls', though. I'm not one of them, either."

"I prefer my terminology," he said. "It's more accurate. Hasn't caught on, though."

"Why will I meet these 'aberrations' soon?" you ask.

"This town is overflowing with positive energy. It is out of balance. There will be a correction, which means creatures of negative energy. And, they will be drawn to you."

"I see," you say.

"There is a particular legend of a terrible witch named Walpurga," he says. "She brings calamity. Industrial accidents, war, disasters, storms, tsunami. Often it's a natural phenomenon, just a little of the negative energy to tip the scales. Most people won't know the difference."

"I've heard the name," you say.

"It's an old, old name," he observes. "And an old witch, and she is moving already. It won't be too much longer before Walpurga's Night is upon us."

"How can you tell?" you ask.

"There is a tomb where her mortal remains are kept," he says. "I have an old friend who watches it. Well, an old enemy, but that's another matter." He tilts his head. "When Walpurgisnacht arrives, this city will probably be destroyed."

"I've been hoping to avoid that," you mention. You did have half a plan to simply hope-boop the witch somehow. But given what he says… it sounds like a worse imbalance than the first.

"I'm trying to see if there's a way to restore the balance," says the man. "To tell the truth, it's kind of hopeless, but maybe I'll think of something."

"I see," you say. "What if I simply moved the source of the energy imbalance elsewhere?"

He shifts his position, and fiddles with his cigarette — still unlit — before discarding it onto the ground, and stomping it out.

"That depends," says the man, considering. "Walpurga… she is tied into history. She can be a kind of defense mechanism for it, if anything is being too disruptive. She might follow\..."

He shifts his weight. "Ah, ojou-sama," he asks. "This is probably going to sound weird, but, you're not involved with any time travel, are you?"

"Suppose hypothetically I might be," you propose, doing your best to sound curious while noncommittal.

"Then hypothetically, unless you are very careful, you might find that Walpurga really has it out for you," he says, "and will hunt you to the end of all things to destroy you. It's the nature of her magic; it is tied to history itself."

You frown.

If this is the Witch of History — if she is the witch of magical girl Clarisse — you're not quite sure what you can put beyond her. Even evacuating the timeline seems like it might be a little bit risky.

"How do you know all this?" you ask him.

He shrugs. "There's a book. A few of them, actually, in the Vatican — but you need to get real messed up to read them. I don't recommend it." He smiles a kind of messed-up smile at the idea.

You nod. It tracks, at least, with the book you've come across.

"What's your name, ojou-sama?" he asks.

"Shizuki," you say. "Shizuki Clarisse."

"Oshino Meme," he replies.

***

\> Request further assistance against the faction that tried to abduct Simona.
\> Try to assess how reliable Star-Wave's 'science officer' is. Perhaps the squid mage political scene is more complicated.

Star-Wave's science officer has a background in life sciences and xenobotany, and seems to have been picked for this mission because she is both magic and ready on short notice. She is accompanied by a most interesting set of equipment: a case full of cards.

Star-Wave makes a point of carefully informing Ryouko that these cards are magic, but not magical girl magic; they can be operated by anyone who has been trained. Star-Wave would like for all of them to operate under a regime where the rest of the crew remains under the impression that you do not know about magic, which for the time being suggests that you do not draw attention to the fact they are magic, and definitely not blurt out anything about magic in surprise, please.

The crew at large seems to know about magic, but not about magical girls. The cards are apparently a special equipment kit for the mission involving the other squid. They are subject to a last minute inventory check against a manifest before the official handoff. There is also a personal stealth generator. These seem to comprise the equipment she can provide to track the other squid, at least for the moment; this was imagined as a pursuit mission, and not equipped with many spare probes or satellites.

***

The situation with the aliens is developing as Oshino is taking his leave of you — he supplies a phone number, but complains of how he is old fashioned, and doesn't really like phone calls.

At this time, Nanami sends you something urgent.

*I need you to be at my place as soon as reasonably possible.*

Why?

I'd much rather explain in person, she says.

You meet Nanami on a fire escape just outside her window, and you're not quite prepared for it. She's —

She is a mess. Her hair is disheveled, she has a bruise on her face, and a little bit of dried blood on her cheek. She doesn't quite seem to notice this. The smell of the apartment is strangely foul, heavy with tobacco smoke, mingled with other foul odors.

"Nanami?" you ask. "Are you okay? What's wrong?"

You're worried about her now — her family situation never sounded great before, but if it's come to this, even for a magical girl, it's more risky than you realized. You should do something, and —

She interrupts your train of thought.

"Amy's been compromised," she says.

"… What?" you ask.

"Someone has hacked into our kitty's electronic brain and substituted alternate audio data for that telephone call, and they nulled out her radio data. This sort of thing is probably why none of our interloper readings ever made any sense, because we kept getting a big fat zeros where the signal should be, and then wondered where all the echoes might be coming from."

"Do you have any idea who or how?" you ask.

"No," she says. "No, I don't. Whoever did it covered their trail, so it's not in any of the systems, so my magic isn't helping."

This is bad. And … this is important, but at the same time …

"Are you physically okay?" you ask her. "It looks like someone has been hurting you."

"Shit," she says, taking a deep breath, and snaps her fingers, a little magic restoring herself. "You didn't see anything, okay?"

She's been shutting out the pain, apparently, which she's no doubt read about. You get a look at her gem, which is far lower than it should be, about 50% or so.

"Nanami?" you begin —

"Did I stutter?" she scowls. "I said I don't fucking want to talk about—

***smack***

She smacks you on the cheek.

It hurts.

It hurts a lot. She's quite strong, and was making no effort to be gentle.

***

In lieu of a clever > prompt, I will acknowledge a recent occasion in which a reader questioned whether the quest is meant to be meaninglessly and spitefully grimdark. I will take this occasion to say that I certainly do not mean it to be meaningless. is indeed a far better reflection of my own conflicts than I ever actually intended. I suspect that my obvious authorial self insert might have served to obscure all the other authorial self inserts in the other characters.

\[] Ignore this attack for now and discuss the compromised systems in further detail
-\[] Bring this up with the group
-\[] Keep it quiet but demand an accounting later
\[] Insist on discussing this behavior with her; if she tries to hit you again...
-\[] Do nothing and take it.
-\[] Use feather magic to heal yourself
-\[] Use defensive / evasive magic
-\[] Call Ryouko for help
-\[] Fight back
\[] Teleport away and warn the group
\[] (write in)
