# maybe Nanami can fix all of that, if she survives

**> Nanami's family and housing situation is a mess. Focus on helping her escape, so she can lead her life from a better place.**
**>> See about having Yukka join her; consider justifying it to her as giving Nanami company.**
\>> Enlist Wakaba's help, both for convincing them, and with actual implementation.
\>> Speak to Papa about the funds for this. Arrange something like a hotel room as a short term fix, then acquire property if necessary. Where it's more convenient, hack around obstacles, either by yourself, or with (voluntary) delegation to Nanami.
\>>> When delegating to Nanami, make sure to check up in her regularly, but try not to be overbearing.

"Do you have a suitcase?" you ask Nanami.
She nods.
"Pack it," you say. "This place is no good for you. We'll get you out of here."

***

\> Speak to Papa about the funds for this.

Papa is willing to let you have money, but asking for it raises questions, and he is making distinctions which you are uncertain about, and do not match your view of the world.
"How am I to regard this?" he asks. "As an expense, as charity, or, as an investment?"
This isn't something you've had hands-on experience with, and you tell him this.
"How does it make a difference?" you ask.
"It affects the manner in which I supply financial resources, and those that I can bring," he explains.
"Well, I'm not sure," you say. "I'd say that it is an investment in the stability of the local magical girl group."
He thinks about this a moment, and makes a face.
"If it's an investment," he says, "I'd ordinarily question the expected rate of return."
"The return on this is protecting two people from a strongly elevated risk of death, in this case from despair," you explain.
"I wouldn't call it an investment, then," he explains. "It's not for want of merit, mind you. On a purely statistical basis, two human lives are valued around 1 billion yen. But I can't expect to earn a financial return from it myself, and outside investors are probably out of the question. This means I use funds from a different source, and don't do as much accounting —"
He stops.
"What's wrong?" he asks you.
The question confuses you for a moment. *Is* something wrong?
Well, to start, Nanami might not appreciate being a charity case… but there's more than that, you realize. The whole thing seems wrong, and you're more upset about him asking you this question than you realized.
"Well, it's very strange to put a monetary value on a life," you say.
"Of course," he says. "But, at least on a statistical basis, it's unavoidable when you spend money on things like health and safety. I would think of it more of a baseline figure than a judgment on anyone's value, or the amount of their future salary."
It's true enough, you suppose. And no doubt Governance makes similar trade offs as a matter of routine. How many magical girls would they spend to protect a strategic resource, like the Saharan shipyards? Of course, it feels wrong when you think of how Governance does it, too.

... But at least they do a better job of it than this.

"The world has a major problem with incentives," Papa continues, regretfully. "There are people with far more wealth than I have, and the motivation to fix any number of problems — but there is ever so much trouble making it happen, and often they even make it worse." He stops. "My dear, are you all right?"
You realize that you're trembling slightly, and take a breath and try to calm your nerves.
"It's still far too low a number for a life," you say. "And it's doubly frustrating with Nanami, who has so. much. to offer them."
"She sounds like a lovely person," says Papa, gently.
*"No!"* you object, a little loudly, and bitterly. "I'm *not* saying that she's kind, or nice, or good, at all! In the most reductionist, materialistic terms possible, it is an *affront* to her worth." You pause for a breath. "But no. No, I had forgotten. This is the era when humanity is burning *all* its precious treasures. The oceans, the atmosphere, the rainforests... all the great extinctions..."
"I beg your pardon," says Papa, earnestly.
"And that's bad enough," you go on, "but if Nanami were to despair and die for want of funds, it might literally be the most shortsighted waste in the entire history of human civilization. Yes, I know you'll help, it's still just… the fact it's possible is almost too much to handle."
Papa considers this a little.
"I'm not sure what to make of this," he says. "You obviously feel quite strongly , and I would prefer to be able to respect what you are saying, but at the same time I'm struggling as I process the basis for the claim, as it is a somewhat extraordinary thing to say."
"Well, for starters..." you begin, wondering just where to start. "She can conjure nanites. These nanites can make more nanites. This means things like quantum computers — No, no, forget computing. In about ten years there's likely to be a novel zoonotic disease which will spread worldwide, kill millions or even tens of millions, and knock about ten percent off of global output. She could stop the entire thing in its tracks, saving both lives and filthy lucre... if she can just survive long enough."
Papa considers this for a little bit.
"Well. If you want an investment," he says, "I can put ten million yen at your disposal today to this end. Perhaps more than that, within a few weeks. I could arrange a corporate vehicle for the funds, hire an accountant to manage your expenses, register to pay taxes, obtain the company seals, open a bank account, and develop some prototypes. With the right technology demonstration, there is no reason that you shouldn't be able to attract unlimited investment, particularly as I can put you in touch with the people who would make it happen."

Ten million yen...
It's a lot. Not earth-shattering, but, the things you could begin to do with even that amount...

You take a deep breath, remembering what Oshino said about how Walpurgisnacht hates time travelers. In this moment you can begin to see why; this is all far too impactful.
"It's slightly too soon," you say, shaking your head. "It's too fast. I think I understand why you were asking now, but ... this level of potential is incredibly dangerous, and we don't want to attract attention we aren't ready for. Our priority for the moment is survival, both her and the rest of us. We should start with just what we need for a hotel, to get Nanami out of an abusive living situation, then long term housing after that."
Papa takes a deep breath, and nods.
"I'm afraid I got carried away. I understand completely," he says, in a way that bothers you. "You need to take care of your friend, of course, and she is a person in her own right, not just an investment opportunity."
Something's off. He has quite suddenly become much more distant, more professional. You pause a moment and consider why, because it doesn't make sense, it is so unlike how he has been so far. Why?

...

You *think* he doesn't mean any ill by it. It's more likely to be a habit, a front that he can put up, to hide what he's really feeling. And maybe that's the crack in everything, showing through. He's been scrupulously kind to you, and maybe some of that has been selfless, but he also wants to be part of all this. He's surely trying hard to do the right thing, and not impose, but the situation must also be quite hard on him: all the magic come back, so close, but he can't be a part of it. If he saw an opportunity to help in a way that only he could — in a way that would give meaning to why he is burying such an important part of himself to live his life as Mr. Shizuki… but he couldn't? Yes, that would hurt a little.

Is there something you can do for him, Clarisse?
Is there some kind word that you could say?

> [tomoyo said:](/threads/clarisse-quest-now-in-part-ii-revolutionary-girl-clarisse-a-pmmm-tts-quest.44100/page-233#post-18164903)
>
> \[2]\[Masquerade] Start looking for sympathetic persons to effect selective disclosure
> \- Prestigious scientists and academics
> \- Powerful politicians
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

"You said you can put us in touch with investors. Do you think that, instead of that, you'd be able to put us in touch with some top scientists? I know it's a bit different."
He considers this. "What did you have in mind?"
"There's been some alien landings," you say. "They're not overtly hostile, and it'd be far better for everyone if we could keep it that way. Eventually it may become prudent to involve some politicians, as well."
Papa considers this.
"I might be able to call in a few favors," he says. "Let think on which university. And, ah, if you need anyone to talk to about something in the meantime, remember I'm here."
You nod.

***

Ryouko is up in her room, and has changed into her school uniform, quite frustrated by the rather direct imposition on her will.
You head upstairs to join her, making various queries analyzing hotel options as you go along, patiently slowing down your queries to avoid leaving traces in distant systems which show you processing data at ludicrous speeds.
Something has changed qualitatively, though. There is still a pull on you, but it's not the *same* pull anymore. You don't actually *need to get to class*\*\*,\*\* now that you're looking for hotels. It still **seems**\*\* like a\*\* \*\*very \*\***good idea**, and the influence is still active, but what might be more important is that **you need to get Nanami to class** — and then to this hotel that you're planning.
You point this out to Ryouko while you're still on the staircase.
\*I'm arranging something for Nanami, \*you tell her, *and my communications are back. You might be able to check in on the aliens, too.*
Ryouko thinks for a moment, nods, and disappears in a blink before you're even in the room.
Yes, it's definitely a lot better.

... You hate that.

You hate that for a moment you clearly thought of it like some great reprieve to be thankful for. You are still being controlled by something outside of you, your choices are constrained, your world is smaller, and it's hard to think of anyone you could talk to about it meaningfully... no, wait, that's not true in the slightest, this is very much like what happened to Nadeshiko, isn't it?
... Or is it different, because she embraced it and found happiness? But in that case, what was it like for her, for all that to end? Really, at this point you're not even 100% sure you should be referring to Papa as Papa, or Nadeshiko. Governance suggests that you defer to the person in question, and you are quite confident that it'd be "Papa" if you asked, but somehow you still feel bad about it, because it's not as if it was really Papa's choice. Would it really be bad to refer to her as Nadeshiko in your own thoughts, even when you're thinking about the person who is out there right now? Because some of your thoughts are already doing that...
Now that you're thinking about it, you feel a little bad to make the comparison with having to attend school. But maybe you shouldn't feel bad about that, and should feel bad that it's happening to her... and of course there's no way that she's the only one in this situation.
Maybe Nanami can fix all of that, if she survives.

Right... Nanami.

\> Arrange something like a hotel room as a short term fix, then acquire property if necessary.

The issue is that school is in slightly too nice a part of town, and Mitakihara has slightly too much money. As a result, the closest hotels are in two categories: luxury accommodations and business hotels. You're not entirely certain how well Nanami and Yuuka would fit in either. It could raise questions. A little further away there are also a few hostels and capsule hotels, quite unsuitable; a tourist hotel, next to a small amusement park; and a traditional Japanese inn, dating back to 954 AD. Finally, on the edge of town, you find an "extended stay" hotel: two tiny bedrooms, a living area with a kitchenette, furnished with utensils and pots and pans; it's pretty basic, but it's a clean and honest space at a good rate where Nanami might even stay long term.
You're not sure which of these will be best, either in terms of the logistics or the impact on Nanami's psyche. Would it be too much to suddenly put her in a nice hotel? Would that threaten her self-worth? Would she feel bad about you spending a lot? Would she admit it if she did? Or is that exactly what she needs? It's important, because her magical girl outfit is a sparkly red pay-attention evening dress, with a leather jacket on top and it's tied up with her wish and her self-image. Does she aspire to be someone fancy? In what manner is all this tangled up with her feelings for Hitomi?
Yuuka's presence only complicates things further. Wakaba might be able to convince her to do a sleepover or staycation for the time being, to buy you some more time. Some of the hotels suggest more opportunities for that than the others, but you're not sure that should make or break the decision. Would it be too blatant if Yuuka were to ask her father to accompany Nanami?

Machina checks in, now that your communications are back.
\*What happened? \*she asks. \*Why were you incommunicado?
Small incident, wish magic involved. Sorry to be vague — it'll be better to talk in person, and that shouldn't be much longer. \*You're still not sure how secure communications are and don't really want to mention the details.
*It seems your high school friend got another call about his automotive warranty expiring. He talked about renewing it for a while, and then hung up without actually purchasing the product offered.* *He is now snooping around in your neighborhood with a cat carrier and a can of cat food. Amy is keeping her distance.*
You are confused for a moment — would a contemporary high schooler even own a motor vehicle? ... But likely it's just more nonsense to cover up what's going on.

Ryouko checks in from the alien site. The ship has taken off, and their xenobiologist is asking Simona questions she can't quite answer about why exactly the other aliens landed, and why you want them away from that particular landing site, which she would very much like to investigate if it's possible.
\*What are we going to do with a Ceph visitor? \*Ryouko wants to know, half-entertaining the idea of sending her back to Salem with Simona, to investigate and to see if they find anything.

***

**> Choose your alien-visitor shenanigans!**

\[Aliens]\[] Send Ryouko to investigate the landing site, with Simona and your guest.
\[Aliens]\[] Send your guest to investigate with Simona only (and a couple of secure - ? - phones in case they need to call help)
\[Aliens]\[] Distract the alien xenobiologist with a chance to study humans (and maybe the cursed-trinket problem)
\- \[] ... **by**\*\* having her\*\* **attend** **class**\*\*!****!****!\*\*\*\*!!\*\* ohohohoho
\[Aliens]\[] (write in something else)

\[Hotel]\[] Choose a luxury hotel. Pamper Nanami a little.
\[Hotel]\[] Choose the historic inn. It's a form of pampering, but more grounded in tradition.
\[Hotel]\[] Choose a business hotel. It's clean and modern, has few distractions, and makes less of a statement.
\[Hotel]\[] Choose the tourist hotel. The girls will blend in a little better.
\[Hotel]\[] Choose the extended stay hotel; it's more stable for Nanami.
\[Hotel]\[] Present several choices to Wakaba, and let her decide:
\- \[] (write in specifics)

\[High schooler]\[] Leave Amy watching the high schooler.
\[High schooler]\[] Get Amy out of there to avoid trouble.
\[High schooler]\[] Ask Amy to let herself get caught; rescue her should it become necessary.
\[High schooler]\[] (Write in)
