# She's the girl from the memoria

**> Make a contract**

Your heart leaps.. "The god of this world," she said. You must have more potential than you thought. You can fix everything. And if *this* world is on the table, who's to say it would stop there? Perhaps you could become the god of *several* worlds. Protect Governance, make peace with the Ceph, maybe even put right the Star Empire.

The words linger at the tip of your tongue, but you hesitate...

... for *just long enough.*

No. It's not right. And besides, you decided against it already.

**~~> Make a contract~~
\[x] Get away from this den of manipulators as fast as possible
\> Get away from this den of manipulators as fast as possible**

Part of you wants to ask them questions, appeal to openness and honesty, ask them to explain, but this is temptation, a dangerous one. And Kyuubey is a persistent source of temptation, and motivated. He'll ask again, and again, and again, and wear you down, and —

You don't trust any of them, and you *know* they're getting you at your lowest point. You don't trust *yourself*. You could talk yourself into some negotiation, and end up talking yourself into the whole accursed contract. So you are going to get away from here, as far as you can.

Away from the temptation. Somewhere safe.

***

You take a moment to breathe, and look around you.

You still haven't contracted. That's good.

You're standing in unfamiliar surroundings, amidst a grove of trees. It's early evening. The first thing that really gets your attention is the sound of a horse-drawn carriage going by in the street. Across the street is a building of brick, signed as the C Winkler Bakery; it is being locked up for the night by two ladies wearing gingham aprons with white simple white bonnets. On this side of the street, next to the orchard, is a brightly colored yellow house, with a weathered shed in the back, roughly hewn log walls, and a garden plot. A few other figures in similar dress are visible in the distance, and the steeple of a brick church beyond them. You're not quite sure why you're here, or why you're now.

Is this supposed to be safe? It looks more like, "misadventure that could end in a witch trial."

Oh, Ryouko's nearby. And that does make you feel safe, whatever else. She's a little surprised to see you here, that's all.

\*Hi, Ryouko, \*you say. *I'm having a terrible day and Kyuubey tried to get me to contract.*

A few others seem to nearby too.

"Clarisse?" asks Simona.

"Oh, hi, Simona," you say. "Silly question — why have we travelled back in time? I'm confused."

She tilts her head just a few degrees to the side as she looks at you in confusion, hesitates a moment looking for words...

"It's a historic district," she says.

You look around again.

Right. The radio-frequency noise never actually matched that sort of time travel hypothesis. You still have satellite positioning data. The sidewalk is made of old bricks, but the horse and carriage is operating on an asphaltum road surface, which would not be contemporary with the architecture, the pre-industrial stone crushing being prohibitively work-intensive — and while the carriage driver is in an outfit which might work, its passengers are in strictly contemporary dress. There are small wooden parking regulation signs along the road, which make more sense for autos than horses, and just around the corner, you can spot actual cars. The ladies in costumes must be employees, or maybe volunteers, part of the tour, finishing the workday.

"Right. Why are we all in a historic district?" you ask.

"The academy's part of the historic district," Simona indicates.

"Oh," you say.

You realize that it must not have been 'historic' when the academy was founded, it just *was*. It's funny to think about, but you guess you are peripherally aware of a few university campuses that Governance maintains with analogous properties, though none quite so striking as this. You skim some information sources for basic information on the site, using Nanami's relay through the satellite dish as a secure local access point. The Moravians, it seems, were religious colonists who arrived from Central Europe, initially settling a short distance away, before founding the town of Salem ("Peace"). The broader population of this area notes them for their unique Christmas traditions, including distinctive decorations and a candlelit fellowship service.

Well. You haven't teleported into the past after all, but this is still a pretty long way to teleport with Ryouko's magic, and without really thinking about it. You're impressed with it for a moment, then the words of temptation come back to haunt you.

Do you desire power for its own sake, Clarisse?

You're not sure it's a good idea, either, but it occurs to you that if you play your cards right you might be able to be the god of this world *without* a contract. With the energy budgets Kyuubey described, any *one* of you could effectively be the god of this world, with nothing but an affinity for magic and a fraction of a soul. You could raise a *pantheon*, with your feather-collection.

"We just got back from the landing site," says Ryouko, blithely, "and the last tour of the day was discussing 'seed to soil to supper' at the Miksch house and gardens and, well, we happen to have a xenobiologist on hand." The historic Miksch house is readily identified by nearby signage; it is the bright yellow one. *Our nutrition sources are mostly derived from aquaculture,* the invisible alien chimes in.

*Oh, I haven't introduced you two.* *Clarisse, this is Morning-Sea,* says Ryouko telepathically.

*Welcome,* you say.

"We were just going to head to the other place where things happened," Simona says.

*Some of the local girls have taken an interest in us,* Ryouko notes to you privately, *but they've stayed away for now.*

You take a moment to check in with your Japan-side operations, lest they begin to worry about your disappearance.

Nanami acknowledges, and notes there have been a few of the interlopers' transmissions since you left. *I'm making some progress tracking, now that I have some idea of the signal-blanking that's going on, but you seem to have some capacity to resist it which I don't, so it's worse than usual.*

You realize the alien is looking at you. It's hard to tell, because she's invisible, but Ryouko knows where she is from the soul gem, and it's fairly clear that she's taken an interest. You glance in that direction briefly, and glance back to Ryouko.

*She's the girl from the memoria,* Morning-sea says to Ryouko privately.

The concept she uses for this is actually something processed by the alien parts of Ryouko's brain. It appears that Morning-Sea has a way to collect magic, and turn it into some kind of a frozen memory. Ryouko recalls the image of a card, very much like the ones you encountered earlier; it bears an image of you and Ophelia, with an ornate golden border, four gold stars, and a caption, "Dance with me." Ryouko has not offered a translation for the caption.

Morning-sea has it in the case with several others. Ryouko thought of insisting on possession, but the alien was dubious, and seemed possessive.

*She's weird about it, and I didn't want to turn it into a fight, explains Ryouko. She gave me a blank, instead. I think it's some kind of a test.*

Morning-Sea has moved on to distracted by some weeds growing by the wayside, and Ryouko hands the card over to you to inspect.

It bothers you a little; there's something creepy about aliens being possessive of humanity's magic, as if you were simply there to be observed, used, *harvested*.

Wait. That's Kyuubey, too, isn't it?

You *would* like to know more about the woman collaborating with Kyuubey, and you pull Simona aside for a moment and few words.

"Earlier you suggested Ms. Valentin might be Homura," you say, quietly. "I was wondering if you know anything about 'Higanbana.'"

"Um," she says, "I guess it's one of her motifs? She uses it for personalization sometimes, in her messages and the like."

"Oh," you say, reminding yourself that names are often things, and vice versa. Higanbana. The equinox flower; the red spider lily.

"I meant as a person's name," you explain. "Perhaps someone working with Homura."

It seems, for the moment, a dead end, and this is a surprise.

All the clues were pointing at that. Why is the school watched by a person who's not Homura, using one of Homura's avatars, and named after Homura's personal motif? You don't know. Who is the person? Where does she come from? What powers might she have?

… to play the skeptic for a moment, you're not quite sure she has any powers. She knows too much about you for it to be coincidence, but it seemed just a step removed; she wasn't reading your mind right there on the spot. For all you know, she could have been in contact with one of her mysterious allies, perhaps a phone call from your mysterious Hacker. After all, you were just speculating about those mysterious allies; if Nanami can hack you with a thought, and your hacker can hide from \*her, \*is that a coincidence? Or maybe you were getting too close to the truth, and it was just a distraction gambit. It occurs to you, also, that all this happened just when Ryouko was away, and you were vulnerable. Was the incubator simply waiting for this moment? How much of this was planned?

Morning-sea interrupts your thoughts. *Oh, the star!* she exclaims.

She rushes to get a better look.

The star in question is an object visible in the window of a shop next to the bakery. It is a decorative many-pointed star, used as a Christmas symbol: out of season now, but iconic, and popular with tourists, so still on display for sale.

You notice two things about it. The first is the shape, an augmented icosidodecahedron design, alternating pentagon and triangles bases. That's thirty two points. The second is that it looks an awful lot like the design for the Crystal Palace of the Star Empire. Add an equatorial plane, and a few terraces, with just a little more asymmetry, and there you go.

But why would the aliens recognize such a thing?

Is this symbol important to your people? you ask the xenobiologist.

*It's the symbol of ancient times,* she expl—

***

The star temple floats in the deepest abyss of the deep ocean, a bright spiny urchin, quietly radiant in the darkness.

Of course, its light once outshone this planet's sun. ƹƺƾӨ oceans, across the galaxy. You have grown much smaller. How many are left?

You are aware of the temple, aware of the guards who patrol around it, aware of others like yourself. You, and they, are part of a whole, and the center of that whole is bodily inside the temple, with you. And you are attending your goddess.

*We have been monitoring your civilization as its time draws nearer to a close,* says the incubator, addressing the goddess. It is a strange fish, sleek and white, swimming almost playfully under the impulse power of a large tail. His ears trail behind him, and your general impression is that like a lure, or a piece of bait.

\*Our answer remains unchanged, \*you reply, on her behalf.

*But isn't it such a shame?* he asks. \*To throw away all of your abundance, and die alone in the dark?

We are building a future where we will not need your contract, \*you say.

*Converting your civilization to function on a purely technological basis represents a dramatic reduction in your overall and per-capita energy expenditures,* notes the incubator. *Success in such an endeavor is entirely unheard of.*

"Begone", speaks the goddess — less of a word, and more of a command, laden with precious magic. It flows through the water, and carries him out into the abyss.

For good measure, you follow, and when he is finally gone from your sight, and the sight of your guards, and the sight all of your kind, you linger a moment at the edge of the temple, gazing into the darkness. It used to be warmer here in the deep, and brighter. Deep forests of kelp, composing poetry and song. Bright, radiant sea stars, in the image of your temple, radiating your goddess's light to all the creatures. Before the Eee came, hungry, and jealous of that light.

There is a way, you know. The reclusive Phong have shown you as much; as alien as they are, you have seen the subtle patterns of their technology, energy gathered from the universe all around them. The stars won't last forever, but at least there are many of them.

Sometimes the future itself seems like an abyss. You just wish you knew what kind of a world will come: individual, disconnected minds, the reflection of meaning through sound, without songs; names, titles; systems of authority, obedience, the orchestration of individual wills, eager to go their own way. You will even leave the oceans, to fly in the heavens themselves.

You realize that you are not quite so much worried that you will fail. Even if you do fail, at least your kind has known joy. But what if you succeed? That might be more terrifying.

If only you could know what you future generations see —

Something bumps into you.

A soul. It doesn't seem to *belong* here, but time is thin, somehow.

You try to understand why it is here; it's oddly like looking at yourself, and you are briefly disoriented.

She is here because of something related to the temple; there is a resonance, a distant connection, carried forward somehow into the future. And she knows of your kind. It has thrived. Perhaps it is stronger than her own. But there has been war, and she's helped to kill many of them. She seems sad about it. But now she is hopeful, and is meeting with an emissary of your kind, one who —

You are hopeful, but are shaken, when you realize.

*The incubator can offer its contracts to individuals?*

***

—ains. *To the old regime, the ones who came before, it is a sacred symbol, while the iconoclasts seek to gather them up and destroy them.*

You blink a few moments. That wasn't quite like the other times; no one actually noticed you before.

The biologist goes on. \*Did they leave it here?

I don't think so, \*Ryouko says, and checks with Simona, just in case.

\*But you say that you have only been visited once? Then, why is it here? \*she wants to know.

Well, it does seem like this place has ties to the Star Empire, which would explain *part* of it, but not why the Star Empire would have the design too.

*The 32-point arrangement has some esoteric magical properties, *you offer*, though I don't fully understand the implications, or how this particular model would end up here specifically.*

This seems to appease Morning-Sea for a moment.

But you know that it's more than just the shape, there's also the manner in which they put a living goddess, connected to everyone, at the heart of a grand empire. Could some form of karmic destiny explain this motif? Some resonance that occurs with the past, a cycle repeating itself, a pattern trying to force its way onto reality. Is such a thing possible? Does fate work like that? It seems a little bit helpless, if it does.

After a moment, a simpler explanation does occur to you; she has a bucket-like hat and a tendency to meddle. You are thus toying with the idea of confronting Oriko, demanding answers, when you realize that the blank card you previously took is now a memoria labeled "Temple of the Deep".

***

\> while there are already many things you might choose to do, I wonder if anyone will guess Higanbana's secret and its implications

\[]\[Card] Keep the memoria for the time being
\[]\[Card] Offer the return of the memoria to the alien for analysis
\[]\[Card] Offer to trade this memoria for the other one
\[]\[Card] Invoke the memoria to see what it does
\[]\[Next] Go confront Oriko and seek explanations
-\[] Ask first of her allies, and what she's actually doing
-\[] Ask first her schemes and goals
-\[] See if Kyouko can talk her into more honesty and collaboration
\[]\[Next] Remain in the area for now
-\[] Ask lots of questions (write in topics)
-\[] Try to introduce the alien to the local magical girls
-\[] Try to bring this memoria to the other girl, Ophelia
\[]\[Next] Return to school
-\[] Track down the interloper
-\[] Plot a visit to Mt. Obasuteyama
-\[] Plot the liberation of Mt. Obasuteyama
\[]\[Next] (write in the explanation of who Higanbana is, and further implications, that you may address them)
