# How cynical are we?

% kubectl rollout restart deployment tomoyo -n cq

…

My apologies. It seems there has been some News going on close to me. Near disasters. Big shootings, now, not a mile from my old elementary school. Bomb threats at my church! I have been recovering…

now, where did we leave you?

Ah, right. You were narrowly avoiding a Contract, touring historic Salem, and were just leaving a feather with Ryouko before she returned a SSR limited memoria to the aliens. No big deal…

\> Leave a feather with Ryouko
\> Return the memoria. It's not your memory.

The xenobiologist makes a funny sound.
\*Where did you get that?
It's the same one you gave us, \*says Ryouko.
She replies with some idiom about salinity which you don't quite fully understand, but that take to be roughly equivalent to "bullshit."
*You just conjured a rare memoria into existence, centuries afterwards?*
You try to downplay it a little.
\*I think it was your story, \*you tell her. *I was just holding it at the time.*
She makes that funny sound again, but louder.

\> \[second thoughts]
\> Don't show the aliens the feather

*Maybe wait a bit before sharing the feather, *you suggest to Ryouko*. Perhaps try to find out more about their history?*

***

You arrive back at the school in a quiet, out of the way spot, but on your way back to the classroom you run into a girl in the hall who wants your attention.

"Oh, hey, Shizuki Clarisse, right?" she asks. "I'm from the other class. Ito Chiyo."
"A pleasure to meet you, Ito-san," you reply.
"I'm glad we could meet. I've been meaning to say: Welcome to the school; it's good that you have so many friends to help show you around," she says. "I'm just, ah, a little worried."
"Worried about what?" you ask, confused.
She makes a face, and a noise. "Your choice of friends."
You look at her blankly.
"Hey, I'm not trying to be a snob. But you're a Shizuki and I'm worried that some people just want to take advantage of you. Charity is one thing, but this is becoming another. There's gossip. It will affect all three of you. Think of your family."
You take a deep breath. You weren't expecting petty schoolyard gossip. It feels so terribly small.
"Did you have a specific complaint against someone?" you ask.
"Miss Kaname is a ditz. Shiina doesn't have a working brain. Nakamura is probably going to end up in the Yakuza. None of them are going to get into a decent university, except Tenjo. Maybe Miki, in an athletic program. You are going to end up somewhere very different and you can't just take them with you; why invest in relationships that won't last and are going to take more from you than they give back?"
And it is a very small thing to say, but something about it hits you anyway. You can't just take them with you. You're not even sure if you can visit.
"I'm sorry," says the girl. "I just had to say that. I don't mean any of you ill will."
And then she is gone, and you are left thinking of all the replies that it's a moment too late to give.

***

You make it back to your classroom as the morning session is winding down for lunch break.
"Do you know Ito Chiyo?" you ask Hitomi.
"Oh! Yes, we're in the dance classes together. She's tutoring me. Why?"
"We met in the hall," you say, uncertain how much of her gossip to spread. If she's tutoring Hitomi it's a little bit less out of nowhere? You could see how in some manner she might feel responsible for all of you. It'a kind of a sad world view that she lives in, mind, but at least she's not trying to interject herself out of nowhere.
"She's probably on the way to get ready early," says Hitomi. "If you still want to watch a session to see what it's like, you can come by this afternoon?"

The afternoon session today, you realize, is dedicated to elective rather than to mandatory study, which leaves you with a large block of unscheduled time.
Officially, you are expected to use this time to find something to do with this time. You've had second thoughts about actually doing dance lessons, and have mostly written it off, but watching a session is something you asked Hitomi about… it feels like it might help you avoid trouble with Ito-san, as well.
You skim the schedules of the rest of the gang. Sayaka seems to have found a martial arts class, as you'd suggested earlier. Madoka has a session with Ms. Valentin. Homura and Yuuka seem to have been assigned remedial study while Wakaba and Nanami are doing "Independent Study." You should probably decide where to be by the end of the lunch break.

In the meantime, you try to get a handle on your hospital plans.

\<Nanami> No one noticed you were away but I guess Ms. Valentin came by looking for you.
\<Machina> We assume it was for you, anyway. Mostly she just stood outside and peered into your classroom.
\<Namami> There were some of our mysterious transmissions at the time, but it mostly did *not* seem that Sayaka had anything to do with them.
\<Clarisse> Interesting. Not that we can take that at face value, either. It could simply be a crude attempt to cast suspicion elsewhere.
\<Machina> It could be a clever attempt to convince us it *is* Sayaka, by convincing us that they're working to cover it up. How many levels deep would you like to go?
You ponder for a moment. There's not a lot of headway to be had on this problem, but your newest problem…

The puzzle of Higanbana bothers you. Someone having something to do with Homura, adopting her symbols, almost a *familiar* of some sort, interested in her well-being. You can't quite place it, and feel that you really ought to be able. Maybe you'll work out how they're neutralizing Nanami's tech-magic, too. You suspect it's all closely linked.

Nanami interrupts this train of thought.
\<Nanami> Question for you with regards to the hospital.
\<Nanami> How cynical are we?
\<Clarisse> Explain?
\<Nanami> First of all, your neighbor with the hoarding issue. Easiest thing in the world to waltz into the hospital, grab a little old lady, and head back out via teleport. We'd be gone before anyone notices, *but,* this leaves us with a little old lady on our hands who has no place to fit into the system anymore, and who can't go back to her home either way. Oh, and she has lots of questions, and still isn't actually very good at keeping care of herself. If we leave it at that, I don't see a lot of great ways that keep her from just ending up back in there again. And, of course, this doesn't do anything about the other patients.
\<Nanami> As an extra complication, Yuuka's mother isn't just a medical case, it's an involuntary commitment in the high security wing. So it's not as easy as bringing Yuuka to get us in, and unless we want her to be on the run from the authorities, we might need to do something more involved, and I don't think we can just give both of them new identities, unless maybe we want Yuuka to have a new identity too. Complications begin to snowball. And, of course, this is trespassing in someone else's territory.
\<Clarisse> Do we have any idea whose?
\<Machina> Unfortunately, yes. From what Mami-chan and Sakura-san have told me of the place, I believe it is the Azelea team's territory. Moreover, a hospital like you've described is a high value part of their territory.
\<Nanami> It's their prized witch farm.

Machina shares a few quick sketches of three girls from her memories of Mami's memories: Shizumi Konoha, Hazuki Yusa, and Mikuri Ayame. Blue, yellow, and red. They share the eponymous azelea theme, which surprises you, since they don't appear to be related. They must be *very* close.

\<Machina> In our timeline, they were offered membership in the MSY at its founding, but turned it down for years, even as their territory was surrounded on all sides, until the advantages were overwhelming. They were almost a problem. Shizumi-san is the eldest of the three, and the leader: cold, generally rational, but fiercely protective of the team's independence. She sees herself as the protector of the other two girls. She's also quite canny, reasonably powerful, and a dangerously tough fighter. She's the one who might actually know it's a witch farm, and just leave it operating, but keep it from the other two. If we try to shut down the place directly, she will make sure that they all give us hell.

\<Nanami> Option two. Action at a distance. Find a journalist or someone willing and able to make a major scandal out of the operation. Leak them some of the damning data. Slow burn, could take months, could end up buried. There's ways we could make it more visible; post a data leak somewhere on the open Web, and combine it with a privacy scandal. That will get more people looking at it, at least.
\<Machina> \*Months, \*however, is a very long time, which brings up a question of expectations management. Kaname-san seems to be emotionally invested, and of course Yuuka must miss her mother quite badly.
\<Nanami> Which also raises another question. How much do we want to burden these idealist kids with the ugliness of the world like this place?
\<Machina> Burdening them is a concern, but not the whole problem. Sayaka, Hero of Justice, will want us to do the right thing. She will be upset if she learns we declined the opportunity to take swift and decisive action, which is liable to impair morale, and group harmony. There's also a possibility she'd try to take action by herself.
You consider that. You are at least fortunate that Kyuubey seems to be upholding the contract moratorium for now.
\<Nanami> Option three, try to sneak something in under their radar. If they notice magic, we send tech. Give them the miracle at Obasuteyama. Fortify all the little old ladies' blood with futuristic nanites, so they can metabolize the unwanted drugs, and solve the health problems that put them there. The witches scatter.
\<Machina> This still puts us at some risk. It's possible they may track us down for vengeance if they figure it out, or if Kyuubey tells them.
\<Nanami> Option four. Try to negotiate. Maybe we could bribe them.
\<Machina> Shizumi is stubborn. Mikuri is young and hotheaded. I would raise the matter through Yusa. If we're honest with her, explain what we're doing, and the stakes, we might have a chance, but she'd feel bad about going behind Shizumi's back.
\<Nanami> Then there are all the questions about actually finishing the job. Does all the attention mean the hospital operator actually discharges all the patients? Do people start investigating and asking questions we really don't want asked? Do they just find a new set of patients? Do they just try to tie all the patients to their beds? Who knows!
\<Nanami> I wouldn't trust a grief cube bribe from a rival if I were her. Not for a sensitive operation.
\<Clarisse> We can also expect that Kyuubey will be whispering in her ear the moment he has the slightest opportunity to undermine us. Otherwise we might just ask.
Machina sends a cheery/sad sentiment. Cheery, because the idea of dialogue is precious to her. Sad, because she knows its limits. Wouldn't it be nice if the world was that simple, that we could talk everything out and have peace?

***

\> {% include PROBLEM\_OF\_DAY %}{% include QUEST\_STEERING %}

\[Hospital]\[] Exfiltrate your targets quietly.
-\[] (write in what happens next)
\[Hospital]\[] Perform a small magical miracle at the hospital.
-\[] Bring Yuma to heal people.
-\[] Use feather magic to restore people
\[] Perform a small technological miracle at the hospital.
-\[] Use Madoka and Sayaka as your agents.
\[Hospital]\[] Host a big technological miracle and cure a whole hospital.
-\[] (Write in further plans pls)
\[] Leak the hospital's data to the press.
-\[] Hype up the scandal.
\[Hospital]\[] Send Kyouko to request a dialogue with the Azeleas, bearing all the best of her optimism about the future (and some bribes.) Building alliances might be possible with the right approach and a little wish magic.
\[Hospital]\[] (Write in advanced Azelea management strategies)

\[Afternoon]\[] Watch Hitomi's class.
\[Afternoon]\[] Study in a quiet corner of the library with Nanami and Wakaba. Work on the hospital plan.
\[Afternoon]\[] Work on delegating problems to the others.
\[Afternoon]\[] Work on bigger problems.
-\[] Reflect on your recent close call with Kyuubey, and your *feelings*.
-\[] Attack the problems of wishes and entropy and contracts directly.
-\[] (write in)
\[Afternoon]\[] Oriko has knowledge, and schemes to answer for.
-\[] Confront her.
-\[] Try to make it more of a collaboration.
-\[] (write in topics: time war, etc)
\[Afternoon]\[] Spend some time with your girlfriend.
\[Afternoon]\[] (write in)
